chapter Ten Halloween Malfoy could n't believe his eye when he see that Harry and Ron be still at Hogwarts the next day , look tired but perfectly cheerful . indeed , by the next morning Harry and Ron think that meet the three-headed dog have be an excellent adventure , and they be quite keen to have another one . in the meantime , Harry fill Ron in about the package that seem to have be move from Gringotts to Hogwarts , and they spend a lot of time wonder what could possibly need such heavy protection . " it be either really valuable or really dangerous , " say Ron . " or both , " say Harry . but as all they know for sure about the mysterious object be that it be about two inch long , they do n't have much chance of guess what it be without further clue . neither Neville nor Hermione show the slight interest in what lie underneath the dog and the trapdoor . all Neville care about be never go near the dog again . Hermione be now refuse to speak to Harry and Ron , but she be such a bossy know-it-all that they see this as an added bonus . all they really want now be a way of get back at Malfoy , and to their great delight , just such a thing arrive in the mail about a week later . as the owl flood into the Great Hall as usual , everyone 's attention be catch at once by a long , thin package carry by six large screech owl . Harry be just as interested as everyone else to see what be in this large parcel , and be amaze when the owl soar down and drop it right in front of him , knock his bacon to the floor . they have hardly flutter out of the way when another owl drop a letter on top of the parcel . Harry rip open the letter first , which be lucky , because it say : do NOT Open THE Parcel AT THE Table . it contain your new Nimbus Two Thousand , but I do n't want everybody know you have get a broomstick or they will all want one . Oliver Wood will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven o'clock for your first training session . Professor McGonagall Harry have difficulty hide his glee as he hand the note to Ron to read . " a Nimbus Two Thousand ! " Ron moan enviously . " I have never even touch one . " they leave the hall quickly , want to unwrap the broomstick in private before their first class , but halfway across the entrance hall they find the way upstairs bar by Crabbe and Goyle . Malfoy seize the package from Harry and feel it . " that be a broomstick , " he say , throw it back to Harry with a mixture of jealousy and spite on his face . " you will be in for it this time , Potter , first year be n't allow them . " Ron could n't resist it . " it be not any old broomstick , " he say , " it be a Nimbus Two Thousand . what do you say you have get at home , Malfoy , a Comet Two Sixty ? " Ron grin at Harry . " comet look flashy , but they be not in the same league as the Nimbus . " " what would you know about it , Weasley , you could n't afford half the handle , " Malfoy snap back . " I suppose you and your brother have to save up twig by twig . " before Ron could answer , Professor Flitwick appear at Malfoy 's elbow . " not argue , I hope , boy ? " he squeak . " Potter have be send a broomstick , Professor , " say Malfoy quickly . " yes , yes , that be right , " say Professor Flitwick , beam at Harry . " Professor McGonagall tell me all about the special circumstance , Potter . and what model be it ? " " a Nimbus Two Thousand , it be , " say Harry , fight not to laugh at the look of horror on Malfoy 's face . " and it be really thanks to Malfoy here that I have get it , " he add . Harry and Ron head upstairs , smother their laughter at Malfoy 's obvious rage and confusion . " well , it be true , " Harry chortle as they reach the top of the marble staircase , " if he have n't steal Neville 's Remembrall I would n't be on the team ... " " so I suppose you think that be a reward for break rule ? " come an angry voice from just behind them . Hermione be stomp up the stair , look disapprovingly at the package in Harry 's hand . " I think you be n't speak to us ? " say Harry . " yes , do n't stop now , " say Ron , " it be do us so much good . " Hermione march away with her nose in the air . Harry have a lot of trouble keep his mind on his lesson that day . it keep wander up to the dormitory where his new broomstick be lie under his bed , or stray off to the Quidditch field where he will be learn to play that night . he bolt his dinner that evening without notice what he be eat , and then rush upstairs with Ron to unwrap the Nimbus Two Thousand at last . " wow , " Ron sigh , as the broomstick roll onto Harry 's bedspread . even Harry , who know nothing about the different broom , think it look wonderful . sleek and shiny , with a mahogany handle , it have a long tail of neat , straight twig and Nimbus Two Thousand write in gold near the top . as seven o'clock draw near , Harry leave the castle and set off in the dusk toward the Quidditch field . hold never be inside the stadium before . hundred of seat be raise in stand around the field so that the spectator be high enough to see what be go on . at either end of the field be three golden pole with hoop on the end . they remind Harry of the little plastic stick Muggle child blow bubble through , except that they be fifty foot high . too eager to fly again to wait for Wood , Harry mount his broomstick and kick off from the ground . what a feeling -- he swoop in and out of the goal post and then speed up and down the field . the Nimbus Two Thousand turn wherever he want at his light touch . " hey , Potter , come down ! " Oliver Wood have arrive . he be carry a large wooden crate under his arm . Harry land next to him . " very nice , " say Wood , his eye glint . " I see what McGonagall mean ... you really be a natural . I be just go to teach you the rule this evening , then you will be join team practice three time a week . " he open the crate . inside be four different-sized ball . " right , " say Wood . " now , Quidditch be easy enough to understand , even if it be not too easy to play . there be seven player on each side . three of them be call chaser . " " three chaser , " Harry repeat , as Wood take out a bright red ball about the size of a soccer ball . " this ball have call the Quaffle , " say Wood . " the chaser throw the Quaffle to each other and try and get it through one of the hoop to score a goal . ten point every time the Quaffle go through one of the hoop . follow me ? " " the chaser throw the Quaffle and put it through the hoop to score , " Harry recite . " so -- that be sort of like basketball on broomstick with six hoop , be n't it ? " " what be basketball ? " say Wood curiously . " never mind , " say Harry quickly . " now , there be another player on each side who have call the Keeper -- I be Keeper for Gryffindor . I have to fly around our hoop and stop the other team from score . " " three chaser , one Keeper , " say Harry , who be determine to remember it all . " and they play with the Quaffle . okay , get that . so what be they for ? " he point at the three ball leave inside the box . " I will show you now , " say Wood . " take this . " he hand Harry a small club , a bit like a short baseball bat . " I be go to show you what the Bludgers do , " Wood say . " these two be the Bludgers . " he show Harry two identical ball , jet black and slightly small than the red Quaffle . Harry notice that they seem to be strain to escape the strap hold them inside the box . " stand back , " Wood warn Harry . he bend down and free one of the Bludgers . at once , the black ball rise high in the air and then pelt straight at Harry 's face . Harry swing at it with the bat to stop it from break his nose , and send it zigzag away into the air -- it zoom around their head and then shoot at Wood , who dive on top of it and manage to pin it to the ground . " see ? " Wood pant , force the struggling Bludger back into the crate and strap it down safely . " the Bludgers rocket around , try to knock player off their broom . that be why you have two Beaters on each team -- the Weasley twin be ours -- it be their job to protect their side from the Bludgers and try and knock them toward the other team . so -- think you have get all that ? " " three chaser try and score with the Quaffle ; the Keeper guard the goal post ; the Beaters keep the Bludgers away from their team , " Harry reel off . " very good , " say Wood . " er -- have the Bludgers ever kill anyone ? " Harry ask , hope he sound offhand . " never at Hogwarts . we have have a couple of break jaw but nothing bad than that . now , the last member of the team be the Seeker . that be you . and you do n't have to worry about the Quaffle or the Bludgers - " " - unless they crack my head open . " " do n't worry , the Weasleys be more than a match for the Bludgers -- I mean , they be like a pair of human Bludgers themselves . " Wood reach into the crate and take out the fourth and last ball . compare with the Quaffle and the Bludgers , it be tiny , about the size of a large walnut . it be bright gold and have little flutter silver wing . " this , " say Wood , " be the Golden Snitch , and it be the most important ball of the lot . it be very hard to catch because it be so fast and difficult to see . it be the Seeker 's job to catch it . you have get to weave in and out of the chaser , Beaters , Bludgers , and Quaffle to get it before the other team 's Seeker , because whichever Seeker catch the Snitch win his team an extra hundred and fifty point , so they nearly always win . that be why seeker get foul so much . a game of Quidditch only end when the Snitch be catch , so it can go on for age -- I think the record be three month , they have to keep bring on substitute so the player could get some sleep . " well , that be it any question ? " Harry shake his head . he understand what he have to do all right , it be do it that be go to be the problem . " we wo n't practice with the Snitch yet , " say Wood , carefully shut it back inside the crate , " it be too dark , we might lose it . let be try you out with a few of these . " he pull a bag of ordinary golf ball out of his pocket and a few minute later , he and Harry be up in the air , Wood throw the golf ball as hard as he could in every direction for Harry to catch . Harry do n't miss a single one , and Wood be delight . after half an hour , night have really fall and they could n't carry on . " that Quidditch Cup will have our name on it this year , " say Wood happily as they trudge back up to the castle . " I would n't be surprise if you turn out well than Charlie Weasley , and he could have play for England if he have n't go off chase dragon . " perhaps it be because he be now so busy , what with Quidditch practice three evening a week on top of all his homework , but Harry could hardly believe it when he realize that he have already be at Hogwarts two month . the castle feel more like home than Privet Drive ever have . his lesson , too , be become more and more interesting now that they have master the basic . on Halloween morning they wake to the delicious smell of bake pumpkin waft through the corridor . even well , Professor Flitwick announce in Charms that he think they be ready to start make object fly , something they have all be die to try since they have see him make Neville 's toad zoom around the classroom . Professor Flitwick put the class into pair to practice . Harry 's partner be Seamus Finnigan ( which be a relief , because Neville have be try to catch his eye ) . Ron , however , be to be work with Hermione Granger . it be hard to tell whether Ron or Hermione be angry about this . she have n't speak to either of them since the day Harry 's broomstick have arrive . " now , do n't forget that nice wrist movement we have be practice ! " squeak Professor Flitwick , perch on top of his pile of book as usual . " swish and flick , remember , swish and flick . and say the magic word properly be very important , too -- never forget Wizard Baruffio , who say ' S ' instead of ' f ' and find himself on the floor with a buffalo on his chest . " it be very difficult . Harry and Seamus swish and flick , but the feather they be suppose to be send skyward just lay on the desktop . Seamus get so impatient that he prod it with his wand and set fire to it -- Harry have to put it out with his hat . Ron , at the next table , be n't have much more luck . " Wingardium Leviosa ! " he shout , wave his long arm like a windmill . " you be say it wrong , " Harry hear Hermione snap . " it be Winggar-dium Levio-sa , make the ' gar ' nice and long . " " you do it , then , if you be so clever , " Ron snarl . Hermione roll up the sleeve of her gown , flick her wand , and say , " Wingardium Leviosa ! " their feather rise off the desk and hover about four foot above their head . " oh , well do ! " cry Professor Flitwick , clap . " everyone see here , Miss Granger have do it ! " Ron be in a very bad mood by the end of the class . " it be no wonder no one can stand her , " he say to Harry as they push their way into the crowded corridor , " she be a nightmare , honestly . " someone knock into Harry as they hurry past him . it be Hermione . Harry catch a glimpse of her face -- and be startle to see that she be in tear . " I think she hear you . " " so ? " say Ron , but he look a bit uncomfortable . " she must have notice she have get no friend . " Hermione do n't turn up for the next class and be n't see all afternoon . on their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween feast , Harry and Ron overhear Parvati Patil tell her friend Lavender that Hermione be cry in the girl ' bathroom and want to be leave alone . Ron look still more awkward at this , but a moment later they have enter the Great Hall , where the Halloween decoration put Hermione out of their mind . a thousand live bat flutter from the wall and ceiling while a thousand more swoop over the table in low black cloud , make the candle in the pumpkin stutter . the feast appear suddenly on the golden plate , as it have at the start-of-term banquet . Harry be just help himself to a bake potato when Professor Quirrell come sprint into the hall , his turban askew and terror on his face . everyone stare as he reach Professor Dumbledore 's chair , slump against the table , and gasp , " Troll -- in the dungeon -- think you ought to know . " he then sink to the floor in a dead faint . there be an uproar . it take several purple firecracker explode from the end of Professor Dumbledore 's wand to bring silence . " prefect , " he rumble , " lead your house back to the dormitory immediately ! " Percy be in his element . " follow me ! stick together , first year ! no need to fear the troll if you follow my order ! stay close behind me , now . make way , first year come through ! excuse me , I be a prefect ! " " how could a troll get in ? " Harry ask as they climb the stair . " do n't ask me , they be suppose to be really stupid , " say Ron . " maybe Peeves let it in for a Halloween joke . " they pass different group of people hurry in different direction . as they jostle their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs , Harry suddenly grab Ron 's arm . " I have just think -- Hermione . " " what about her ? " " she do n't know about the troll . " Ron bite his lip . " oh , all right , " he snap . " but Percy have well not see us . " duck down , they join the Hufflepuffs go the other way , slip down a desert side corridor , and hurry off toward the girl ' bathroom . they have just turn the corner when they hear quick footstep behind them . " Percy ! " hiss Ron , pull Harry behind a large stone griffin . peer around it , however , they see not Percy but Snape . he cross the corridor and disappear from view . " what be he do ? " Harry whisper . " why be n't he down in the dungeon with the rest of the teacher ? " " search me . " quietly as possible , they creep along the next corridor after Snape 's fading footstep . " he be head for the third floor , " Harry say , but Ron hold up his hand . " can you smell something ? " Harry sniff and a foul stench reach his nostril , a mixture of old sock and the kind of public toilet no one seem to clean . and then they hear it -- a low grunt , and the shuffle footfall of gigantic foot . Ron point -- at the end of a passage to the left , something huge be move toward them . they shrink into the shadow and watch as it emerge into a patch of moonlight . it be a horrible sight . twelve foot tall , its skin be a dull , granite gray , its great lumpy body like a boulder with its small bald head perch on top like a coconut . it have short leg thick as tree trunk with flat , horny foot . the smell come from it be incredible . it be hold a huge wooden club , which drag along the floor because its arm be so long . the troll stop next to a doorway and peer inside . it waggle its long ear , make up its tiny mind , then slouch slowly into the room . " the key in the lock , " Harry mutter . " we could lock it in . " " good idea , " say Ron nervously . they edge toward the open door , mouth dry , pray the troll be n't about to come out of it . with one great leap , Harry manage to grab the key , slam the door , and lock it . " yes ! " flush with their victory , they start to run back up the passage , but as they reach the corner they hear something that make their heart stop -- a high , petrify scream -- and it be come from the chamber they have just chain up . " oh , no , " say Ron , pale as the Bloody Baron . " it be the girl ' bathroom ! " Harry gasp . " Hermione ! " they say together . it be the last thing they want to do , but what choice do they have ? wheel around , they sprint back to the door and turn the key , fumble in their panic . Harry pull the door open and they run inside . Hermione Granger be shrink against the wall opposite , look as if she be about to faint . the troll be advance on her , knock the sink off the wall as it go . " confuse it ! " Harry say desperately to Ron , and , seize a tap , he throw it as hard as he could against the wall . the troll stop a few foot from Hermione . it lumber around , blink stupidly , to see what have make the noise . its mean little eye see Harry . it hesitate , then make for him instead , lift its club as it go . " Oy , pea-brain ! " yell Ron from the other side of the chamber , and he throw a metal pipe at it . the troll do n't even seem to notice the pipe hit its shoulder , but it hear the yell and pause again , turn its ugly snout toward Ron instead , give Harry time to run around it . " come on , run , run ! " Harry yell at Hermione , try to pull her toward the door , but she could n't move , she be still flat against the wall , her mouth open with terror . the shouting and the echo seem to be drive the troll berserk . it roar again and start toward Ron , who be nearest and have no way to escape . Harry then do something that be both very brave and very stupid : he take a great run jump and manage to fasten his arm around the troll 's neck from behind . the troll could n't feel Harry hang there , but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its nose , and Harry 's wand have still be in his hand when he have jump - it have go straight up one of the troll 's nostril . howl with pain , the troll twist and flail its club , with Harry cling on for dear life ; any second , the troll be go to rip him off or catch him a terrible blow with the club . Hermione have sink to the floor in fright ; Ron pull out his own wand -- not know what he be go to do he hear himself cry the first spell that come into his head : " Wingardium Leviosa ! " the club fly suddenly out of the troll 's hand , rise high , high up into the air , turn slowly over -- and drop , with a sickening crack , onto its owner 's head . the troll sway on the spot and then fall flat on its face , with a thud that make the whole room tremble . Harry get to his foot . he be shake and out of breath . Ron be stand there with his wand still raise , stare at what he have do . it be Hermione who speak first . " be it -- dead ? " " I do n't think so , " say Harry , " I think it be just be knock out . " he bend down and pull his wand out of the troll 's nose . it be cover in what look like lumpy gray glue . " urgh -- troll boogers . " he wipe it on the troll 's trouser . a sudden slam and loud footstep make the three of them look up . they have n't realize what a racket they have be make , but of course , someone downstairs must have hear the crash and the troll 's roar . a moment later , Professor McGonagall have come burst into the room , closely follow by Snape , with Quirrell bring up the rear . Quirrell take one look at the troll , let out a faint whimper , and sit quickly down on a toilet , clutch his heart . Snape bend over the troll . Professor McGonagall be look at Ron and Harry . Harry have never see her look so angry . her lip be white . hope of win fifty point for Gryffindor fade quickly from Harry 's mind . " what on earth be you think of ? " say Professor McGonagall , with cold fury in her voice . Harry look at Ron , who be still stand with his wand in the air . " you be lucky you be n't kill . why be n't you in your dormitory ? " Snape give Harry a swift , piercing look . Harry look at the floor . he wish Ron would put his wand down . then a small voice come out of the shadow . " please , Professor McGonagall -- they be look for me . " " Miss Granger ! " Hermione have manage to get to her foot at last . " I go look for the troll because I -- I think I could deal with it on my own -- you know , because I have read all about them . " Ron drop his wand . Hermione Granger , tell a downright lie to a teacher ? " if they have n't find me , I will be dead now . Harry stick his wand up its nose and Ron knock it out with its own club . they do n't have time to come and fetch anyone . it be about to finish me off when they arrive . " Harry and Ron try to look as though this story be n't new to them . " well -- in that case ... " say Professor McGonagall , stare at the three of them , " Miss Granger , you foolish girl , how could you think of tackle a mountain troll on your own ? " Hermione hang her head . Harry be speechless . Hermione be the last person to do anything against the rule , and here she be , pretend she have , to get them out of trouble . it be as if Snape have start hand out sweet . " Miss Granger , five point will be take from Gryffindor for this , " say Professor McGonagall . " I be very disappoint in you . if you be not hurt at all , you will well get off to Gryffindor tower . student be finish the feast in their house . " Hermione leave . Professor McGonagall turn to Harry and Ron . " well , I still say you be lucky , but not many first year could have take on a full-grown mountain troll . you each win Gryffindor five point . Professor Dumbledore will be inform of this . you may go . " they hurry out of the chamber and do n't speak at all until they have climb two floor up . it be a relief to be away from the smell of the troll , quite apart from anything else . " we should have get more than ten point , " Ron grumble . " five , you mean , once she be take off Hermione 's . " " good of her to get us out of trouble like that , " Ron admit . " mind you , we do save her . " " she might not have need save if we have n't lock the thing in with her , " Harry remind him . they have reach the portrait of the Fat Lady . " pig snout , " they say and enter . the common room be pack and noisy . everyone be eat the food that have be send up . Hermione , however , stand alone by the door , wait for them . there be a very embarrassed pause . then , none of them look at each other , they all say " thanks , " and hurry off to get plate . but from that moment on , Hermione Granger become their friend . there be some thing you ca n't share without end up like each other , and knock out a twelve-foot mountain troll be one of them .