chapter ELEVEN Quidditch as they enter November , the weather turn very cold . the mountain around the school become icy gray and the lake like chill steel . every morning the ground be cover in frost . Hagrid could be see from the upstairs window defrost broomstick on the Quidditch field , bundle up in a long moleskin overcoat , rabbit fur glove , and enormous beaverskin boot . the Quidditch season have begin . on Saturday , Harry would be play in his first match after week of training : Gryffindor versus Slytherin . if Gryffindor win , they would move up into second place in the house championship . hardly anyone have see Harry play because Wood have decide that , as their secret weapon , Harry should be keep , well , secret . but the news that he be play Seeker have leak out somehow , and Harry do n't know which be bad -- people tell him he will be brilliant or people tell him they will be run around underneath him hold a mattress . it be really lucky that Harry now have Hermione as a friend . he do n't know how he will have get through all his homework without her , what with all the last-minute Quidditch practice Wood be make them do . she have also lend him Quidditch through the Ages , which turn out to be a very interesting read . Harry learn that there be seven hundred way of commit a Quidditch foul and that all of them have happen during a World Cup match in @card@ ; that seeker be usually the small and fast player , and that most serious Quidditch accident seem to happen to them ; that although people rarely die play Quidditch , referee have be know to vanish and turn up month later in the Sahara Desert . Hermione have become a bit more relax about break rule since Harry and Ron have save her from the mountain troll , and she be much nice for it . the day before Harry 's first Quidditch match the three of them be out in the freezing courtyard during break , and she have conjure them up a bright blue fire that could be carry around in a jam jar . they be stand with their back to it , get warm , when Snape cross the yard . Harry notice at once that Snape be limp . Harry , Ron , and Hermione move closer together to block the fire from view ; they be sure it would n't be allow . unfortunately , something about their guilty face catch Snape 's eye . he limp over . he have n't see the fire , but he seem to be look for a reason to tell them off anyway . " what be that you have get there , Potter ? " it be Quidditch through the Ages . Harry show him . " library book be not to be take outside the school , " say Snape . " give it to me . five point from Gryffindor . " " he be just make that rule up , " Harry mutter angrily as Snape limp away . " wonder what be wrong with his leg ? " " dunno , but I hope it be really hurt him , " say Ron bitterly . the Gryffindor common room be very noisy that evening . Harry , Ron , and Hermione sit together next to a window . Hermione be check Harry and Ron 's Charms homework for them . she would never let them copy ( " how will you learn ? " ) , but by ask her to read it through , they get the right answer anyway . Harry feel restless . he want Quidditch through the Ages back , to take his mind off his nerve about tomorrow . why should he be afraid of Snape ? get up , he tell Ron and Hermione he be go to ask Snape if he could have it . " better you than me , " they say together , but Harry have an idea that Snape would n't refuse if there be other teacher listen . he make his way down to the staffroom and knock . there be no answer . he knock again . nothing . perhaps Snape have leave the book in there ? it be worth a try . he push the door ajar and peer inside - and a horrible scene meet his eye . Snape and Filch be inside , alone . Snape be hold his robe above his knee . one of his leg be bloody and mangle . filch be hand Snape bandage . " blasted thing , " Snape be say . " how be you suppose to keep your eye on all three head at once ? " Harry try to shut the door quietly , but - " Potter ! " Snape 's face be twist with fury as he drop his robe quickly to hide his leg . Harry gulp . " I just wonder if I could have my book back . " " get OUT ! out ! " Harry leave , before Snape could take any more point from Gryffindor . he sprint back upstairs . " do you get it ? " Ron ask as Harry join them . " what be the matter ? " in a low whisper , Harry tell them what he have see . " you know what this mean ? " he finish breathlessly . " he try to get past that three-headed dog at Halloween ! that be where he be go when we see him -- he be after whatever it be guard ! and I will bet my broomstick he let that troll in , to make a diversion ! " Hermione 's eye be wide . " no -- he would n't , " she say . " I know he be not very nice , but he would n't try and steal something Dumbledore be keep safe . " " honestly , Hermione , you think all teacher be saint or something , " snap Ron . " I be with Harry . I would n't put anything past Snape . but what be he after ? what be that dog guard ? " Harry go to bed with his head buzz with the same question . Neville be snore loudly , but Harry could n't sleep . he try to empty his mind -- he need to sleep , he have to , he have his first Quidditch match in a few hour - but the expression on Snape 's face when Harry have see his leg be n't easy to forget . the next morning dawn very bright and cold . the Great Hall be full of the delicious smell of fried sausage and the cheerful chatter of everyone look forward to a good Quidditch match . " you have get to eat some breakfast . " " I do n't want anything . " " just a bit of toast , " wheedle Hermione . " I be not hungry . " Harry feel terrible . in an hour 's time he will be walk onto the field . " Harry , you need your strength , " say Seamus Finnigan . " seeker be always the one who get clobber by the other team . " " thanks , Seamus , " say Harry , watch Seamus pile ketchup on his sausage . by eleven o'clock the whole school seem to be out in the stand around the Quidditch pitch . many student have binoculars . the seat might be raise high in the air , but it be still difficult to see what be go on sometimes . Ron and Hermione join Neville , Seamus , and Dean the West Ham fan up in the top row . as a surprise for Harry , they have paint a large banner on one of the sheet Scabbers have ruin . it say Potter for President , and Dean , who be good at drawing , have do a large Gryffindor lion underneath . then Hermione have perform a tricky little charm so that the paint flash different color . meanwhile , in the locker room , Harry and the rest of the team be change into their scarlet Quidditch robe ( Slytherin would be play in green ) . Wood clear his throat for silence . " okay , man , " he say . " and woman , " say Chaser Angelina Johnson . " and woman , " Wood agree . " this be it . " " the big one , " say Fred Weasley . " the one we have all be wait for , " say George . " we know Oliver 's speech by heart , " Fred tell Harry , " we be on the team last year . " " shut up , you two , " say Wood . " this be the good team Gryffindor 's have in year . we be go to win . I know it . " he glare at them all as if to say , " or else . " " right . it be time . good luck , all of you . " Harry follow Fred and George out of the locker room and , hope his knee be n't go to give way , walk onto the field to loud cheer . madam Hooch be referee . she stand in the middle of the field wait for the two team , her broom in her hand . " now , I want a nice fair game , all of you , " she say , once they be all gather around her . Harry notice that she seem to be speak particularly to the Slytherin Captain , Marcus Flint , a sixth year . Harry think Flint look as if he have some troll blood in him . out of the corner of his eye he see the flutter banner high above , flash Potter for President over the crowd . his heart skip . he feel brave . " mount your broom , please . " Harry clamber onto his Nimbus Two Thousand . madam Hooch give a loud blast on her silver whistle . fifteen broom rise up , high , high into the air . they be off . " and the Quaffle be take immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor -- what an excellent Chaser that girl be , and rather attractive , too - " " Jordan ! " " sorry , Professor . " the Weasley twin ' friend , Lee Jordan , be do the commentary for the match , closely watch by Professor McGonagall . " and she be really belt along up there , a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet , a good find of Oliver Wood 's , last year only a reserve -- back to Johnson and -- no , the Slytherins have take the Quaffle , Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gain the Quaffle and off he go -- Flint fly like an eagle up there -- he be go to sc - no , stop by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle -- that be Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there , nice dive around Flint , off up the field and -- Ouch -- that must have hurt , hit in the back of the head by a Bludger -- Quaffle take by the Slytherins -- that be Adrian Pucey speed off toward the goal post , but he be block by a second Bludger -- send his way by Fred or George Weasley , ca n't tell which -- nice play by the Gryffindor Beater , anyway , and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle , a clear field ahead and off she go -- she be really fly -- dodge a speed Bludger -- the goal post be ahead -- come on , now , Angelina -- Keeper Bletchley dive -- miss -- GRYFFINDORS Score ! " Gryffindor cheer fill the cold air , with howl and moan from the Slytherins . " budge up there , move along . " " Hagrid ! " Ron and Hermione squeeze together to give Hagrid enough space to join them . " bin watchin ' from me hut , " say Hagrid , pat a large pair of binoculars around his neck , " but it be n't the same as bein ' in the crowd . no sign of the Snitch yet , eh ? " " Nope , " say Ron . " Harry have n't have much to do yet . " " keep outta trouble , though , that be somethin ' , " say Hagrid , raise his binoculars and peer skyward at the speck that be Harry . way up above them , Harry be glide over the game , squint about for some sign of the Snitch . this be part of his and Wood 's game plan . " keep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch , " Wood have say . " we do n't want you attack before you have to be . " when Angelina have score , Harry have do a couple of loop-the-loops to let off his feeling . now he be back to stare around for the Snitch . once he catch sight of a flash of gold , but it be just a reflection from one of the Weasleys ' wristwatch , and once a Bludger decide to come pelt his way , more like a cannonball than anything , but Harry dodge it and Fred Weasley come chase after it . " all right there , Harry ? " he have time to yell , as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint . " Slytherin in possession , " Lee Jordan be say , " Chaser Pucey duck two Bludgers , two Weasleys , and Chaser Bell , and speed toward the -- wait a moment -- be that the Snitch ? " a murmur run through the crowd as Adrian Pucey drop the Quaffle , too busy look over his shoulder at the flash of gold that have pass his left ear . Harry see it . in a great rush of excitement he dive downward after the streak of gold . Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs have see it , too . neck and neck they hurtle toward the Snitch -- all the chaser seem to have forget what they be suppose to be do as they hang in midair to watch . Harry be fast than Higgs -- he could see the little round ball , wing flutter , dart up ahead -- he put on an extra spurt of speed - WHAM ! a roar of rage echo from the Gryffindors below -- Marcus Flint have block Harry on purpose , and Harry 's broom spin off course , Harry holding on for dear life . " foul ! " scream the Gryffindors . madam Hooch speak angrily to Flint and then order a free shot at the goal post for Gryffindor . but in all the confusion , of course , the Golden Snitch have disappear from sight again . down in the stand , Dean Thomas be yell , " send him off , ref ! Red card ! " " what be you talk about , Dean ? " say Ron . " Red card ! " say Dean furiously . " in soccer you get show the red card and you be out of the game ! " " but this be n't soccer , Dean , " Ron remind him . Hagrid , however , be on Dean 's side . " they oughta change the rule . Flint coulda knock Harry outta the air . " Lee Jordan be find it difficult not to take side . " so -- after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating - " " Jordan ! " growl Professor McGonagall . " I mean , after that open and revolting foul ... " " Jordan , I be warn you - " " all right , all right . Flint nearly kill the Gryffindor Seeker , which could happen to anyone , I be sure , so a penalty to Gryffindor , take by Spinner , who put it away , no trouble , and we continue play , Gryffindor still in possession . " it be as Harry dodge another Bludger , which go spin dangerously past his head , that it happen . his broom give a sudden , frightening lurch . for a split second , he think he be go to fall . he grip the broom tightly with both his hand and knee . he have never feel anything like that . it happen again . it be as though the broom be try to buck him off . but Nimbus Two Thousands do not suddenly decide to buck their rider off . Harry try to turn back toward the Gryffindor goal-posts -- he have half a mind to ask Wood to call time-out -- and then he realize that his broom be completely out of his control . he could n't turn it . he could n't direct it at all . it be zigzag through the air , and every now and then make violent swish movement that almost unseat him . Lee be still commentate . " Slytherin in possession -- Flint with the Quaffle -- pass Spinnet -- pass Bell -- hit hard in the face by a Bludger , hope it break his nose -- only joke , Professor -- Slytherins score -- a no ... " the Slytherins be cheer . no one seem to have notice that Harry 's broom be behave strangely . it be carry him slowly high , away from the game , jerk and twitch as it go . " dunno what Harry think he be do , " Hagrid mumble . he stare through his binoculars . " if I didn ' know well , I will say he have lose control of his broom ... but he ca n't have ... " suddenly , people be point up at Harry all over the stand . his broom have start to roll over and over , with him only just manage to hold on . then the whole crowd gasp . Harry 's broom have give a wild jerk and Harry swing off it . he be now dangle from it , hold on with only one hand . " do something happen to it when Flint block him ? " Seamus whisper . " can n't have , " Hagrid say , his voice shake . " can n't nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful dark magic -- no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand . " at these word , Hermione seize Hagrid 's binoculars , but instead of look up at Harry , she start look frantically at the crowd . " what be you do ? " moan Ron , gray-faced . " I know it , " Hermione gasp , " Snape -- look . " Ron grab the binoculars . Snape be in the middle of the stand opposite them . he have his eye fix on Harry and be mutter nonstop under his breath . " he be do something -- jinx the broom , " say Hermione . " what should we do ? " " leave it to me . " before Ron could say another word , Hermione have disappear . Ron turn the binoculars back on Harry . his broom be vibrate so hard , it be almost impossible for him to hang on much longer . the whole crowd be on its foot , watch , terrify , as the Weasleys fly up to try and pull Harry safely onto one of their broom , but it be no good - every time they get near him , the broom would jump higher still . they drop low and circle beneath him , obviously hope to catch him if he fall . Marcus Flint seize the Quaffle and score five time without anyone notice . " come on , Hermione , " Ron mutter desperately . Hermione have fight her way across to the stand where Snape stand , and be now race along the row behind him ; she do n't even stop to say sorry as she knock Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front . reach Snape , she crouch down , pull out her wand , and whisper a few , well-chosen word . bright blue flame shoot from her wand onto the hem of Snape 's robe . it take perhaps thirty second for Snape to realize that he be on fire . a sudden yelp tell her she have do her job . scoop the fire off him into a little jar in her pocket , she scramble back along the row -- Snape would never know what have happen . it be enough . up in the air , Harry be suddenly able to clamber back on to his broom . " Neville , you can look ! " Ron say . Neville have be sob into Hagrid 's jacket for the last five minute . Harry be speed toward the ground when the crowd see him clap his hand to his mouth as though he be about to be sick -- he hit the field on all four -- cough -- and something gold fall into his hand . " I have get the Snitch ! " he shout , wave it above his head , and the game end in complete confusion . " he do n't catch it , he nearly swallow it , " Flint be still howl twenty minute later , but it make no difference -- Harry have n't break any rule and Lee Jordan be still happily shout the result -- Gryffindor have win by one hundred and seventy point to sixty . Harry hear none of this , though . he be be make a cup of strong tea back in Hagrid 's hut , with Ron and Hermione . " it be Snape , " Ron be explain , " Hermione and I see him . he be curse your broomstick , mutter , he would n't take his eye off you . " " rubbish , " say Hagrid , who have n't hear a word of what have go on next to him in the stand . " why would Snape do somethin ' like that ? " Harry , Ron , and Hermione look at one another , wonder what to tell him . Harry decide on the truth . " I find out something about him , " he tell Hagrid . " he try to get past that three-headed dog on Halloween . it bite him . we think he be try to steal whatever it be guard . " Hagrid drop the teapot . " how do you know about Fluffy ? " he say . " fluffy ? " " yeah -- he be mine -- buy him off a Greek chappie I meet in the pub la ' year -- I lend him to Dumbledore to guard the - " " Yes ? " say Harry eagerly . " now , do n't ask me anymore , " say Hagrid gruffly . " that be top secret , that be . " " but Snape be try to steal it . " " rubbish , " say Hagrid again . " Snape be a Hogwarts teacher , he will do nothin ' of the sort . " " so why do he just try and kill Harry ? " cry Hermione . the afternoon 's event certainly seem to have change her mind about Snape . " I know a jinx when I see one , Hagrid , I have read all about them ! you have get to keep eye contact , and Snape be n't blink at all , I see him ! " " I be tellin ' yeh , yer wrong ! " say Hagrid hotly . " I don ' know why Harry 's broom act like that , but Snape wouldn ' try an ' kill a student ! now , listen to me , all three of Yeh -- yer meddlin ' in thing that don ' concern yeh . it be dangerous . you forget that dog , an ' you forget what it be guardin ' , that be between Professor Dumbledore an ' Nicolas Flamel - " " Aha ! " say Harry , " so there be someone call Nicolas Flamel involve , be there ? " Hagrid look furious with himself .