chapter Twelve The Mirror of Erised Christmas be come . one morning in mid-December , Hogwarts wake to find itself cover in several foot of snow . the lake freeze solid and the Weasley twin be punish for bewitch several snowball so that they follow Quirrell around , bounce off the back of his turban . the few owl that manage to battle their way through the stormy sky to deliver mail have to be nurse back to health by Hagrid before they could fly off again . no one could wait for the holiday to start . while the Gryffindor common room and the Great Hall have roaring fire , the drafty corridor have become icy and a bitter wind rattle the window in the classroom . bad of all be Professor Snape 's class down in the dungeon , where their breath rise in a mist before them and they keep as close as possible to their hot cauldron . " I do feel so sorry , " say Draco Malfoy , one potion class , " for all those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because they be not want at home . " he be look over at Harry as he speak . Crabbe and Goyle chuckle . Harry , who be measure out powdered spine of lionfish , ignore them . Malfoy have be even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch match . disgust that the Slytherins have lose , he have try to get everyone laugh at how a wide-mouthed tree frog would be replace Harry as Seeker next . then he have realize that nobody find this funny , because they be all so impress at the way Harry have manage to stay on his buck broomstick . so Malfoy , jealous and angry , have go back to taunt Harry about have no proper family . it be true that Harry be n't go back to Privet Drive for Christmas . Professor McGonagall have come around the week before , make a list of student who would be stay for the holiday , and Harry have sign up at once . he do n't feel sorry for himself at all ; this would probably be the good Christmas he will ever have . Ron and his brother be stay , too , because Mr. and Mrs. Weasley be go to Romania to visit Charlie . when they leave the dungeon at the end of potion , they find a large fir tree block the corridor ahead . two enormous foot stick out at the bottom and a loud puff sound tell them that Hagrid be behind it . " hi , Hagrid , want any help ? " Ron ask , stick his head through the branch . " Nah , I be all right , thanks , Ron . " " would you mind move out of the way ? " come Malfoy 's cold drawl from behind them . " be you try to earn some extra money , Weasley ? hope to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts , I suppose -- that hut of Hagrid 's must seem like a palace compare to what your family be use to . " Ron dive at Malfoy just as Snape come up the stair . " WEASLEY ! " Ron let go of the front of Malfoy 's robe . " he be provoke , Professor Snape , " say Hagrid , stick his huge hairy face out from behind the tree . " Malfoy be insultin ' his family . " " be that as it may , fighting be against Hogwarts rule , Hagrid , " say Snape silkily . " five point from Gryffindor , Weasley , and be grateful it be n't more . move along , all of you . " Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle push roughly past the tree , scatter needle everywhere and smirk . " I will get him , " say Ron , grind his tooth at Malfoy 's back , " one of these day , I will get him - " " I hate them both , " say Harry , " Malfoy and Snape . " " come on , cheer up , it be nearly Christmas , " say Hagrid . " tell yeh what , come with me an ' see the Great Hall , look a treat . " so the three of them follow Hagrid and his tree off to the Great Hall , where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick be busy with the Christmas decoration . " ah , Hagrid , the last tree -- put it in the far corner , would you ? " the hall look spectacular . festoon of holly and mistletoe hang all around the wall , and no less than twelve towering Christmas tree stand around the room , some sparkling with tiny icicle , some glitter with hundred of candle . " how many day you get leave until yer holiday ? " Hagrid ask . " just one , " say Hermione . " and that remind me -- Harry , Ron , we have get half an hour before lunch , we should be in the library . " " oh yeah , you be right , " say Ron , tear his eye away from Professor Flitwick , who have golden bubble blossom out of his wand and be trail them over the branch of the new tree . " the library ? " say Hagrid , follow them out of the hall . " just before the holiday ? bit keen , be n't yeh ? " " oh , we be not work , " Harry tell him brightly . " ever since you mention Nicolas Flamel we have be try to find out who he be . " " you what ? " Hagrid look shocked . " listen here -- I have tell yeh -- drop it . it be nothin ' to you what that dog 's guardin ' . " " we just want to know who Nicolas Flamel be , that be all , " say Hermione . " unless you will like to tell us and save us the trouble ? " Harry add . " we must have be through hundred of book already and we ca n't find him anywhere -- just give us a hint -- I know I have read his name somewhere . " " I be sayin ' nothin ' , say Hagrid flatly . " just have to find out for ourselves , then , " say Ron , and they leave Hagrid look disgruntled and hurry off to the library . they have indeed be search book for Flamel 's name ever since Hagrid have let it slip , because how else be they go to find out what Snape be try to steal ? the trouble be , it be very hard to know where to begin , not know what Flamel might have do to get himself into a book . he be n't in great wizard of the Twentieth Century , or Notable Magical Names of Our Time ; he be miss , too , from important Modern Magical Discoveries , and a study of Recent development in Wizardry . and then , of course , there be the sheer size of the library ; ten of thousand of book ; thousand of shelf ; hundred of narrow row . Hermione take out a list of subject and title she have decide to search while Ron stride off down a row of book and start pull them off the shelf at random . Harry wander over to the restricted section . he have be wonder for a while if Flamel be n't somewhere in there . unfortunately , you need a specially sign note from one of the teacher to look in any of the restricted book , and he know he will never get one . these be the book contain powerful Dark Magic never teach at Hogwarts , and only read by old student study advanced defense against the Dark Arts . " what be you look for , boy ? " " nothing , " say Harry . madam Pince the librarian brandish a feather duster at him . " you will well get out , then . go on -- out ! " wish he have be a bit quicker at think up some story , Harry leave the library . he , Ron , and Hermione have already agree they will well not ask Madam Pince where they could find Flamel . they be sure she will be able to tell them , but they could n't risk Snape hearing what they be up to . Harry wait outside in the corridor to see if the other two have find anything , but he be n't very hopeful . they have be look for two week , after a , but as they only have odd moment between lesson it be n't surprising they have find nothing . what they really need be a nice long search without Madam Pince breathe down their neck . five minute later , Ron and Hermione join him , shake their head . they go off to lunch . " you will keep look while I be away , wo n't you ? " say Hermione . " and send me an owl if you find anything . " " and you could ask your parent if they know who Flamel be , " say Ron . " it will be safe to ask them . " " very safe , as they be both dentist , " say Hermione . once the holiday have start , Ron and Harry be have too good a time to think much about Flamel . they have the dormitory to themselves and the common room be far empty than usual , so they be able to get the good armchair by the fire . they sit by the hour eat anything they could spear on a toast fork -- bread , English muffin , marshmallow -- and plot way of get Malfoy expel , which be fun to talk about even if they would n't work . Ron also start teach Harry wizard chess . this be exactly like Muggle chess except that the figure be alive , which make it a lot like direct troop in battle . Ron 's set be very old and batter . like everything else he own , it have once belong to someone else in his family -- in this case , his grandfather . however , old chessman be n't a drawback at all . Ron know them so well he never have trouble get them to do what he want . Harry play with chessman Seamus Finnigan have lend him , and they do n't trust him at all . he be n't a very good player yet and they keep shout different bit of advice at him , which be confusing . " do n't send me there , ca n't you see his knight ? send him , we can afford to lose him . " on Christmas Eve , Harry go to bed look forward to the next day for the food and the fun , but not expect any present at all . when he wake early in the morning , however , the first thing he see be a small pile of package at the foot of his bed . " Merry Christmas , " say Ron sleepily as Harry scramble out of bed and pull on his bathrobe . " you , too , " say Harry . " will you look at this ? I have get some present ! " " what do you expect , turnip ? " say Ron , turn to his own pile , which be a lot big than Harry 's . Harry pick up the top parcel . it be wrap in thick brown paper and scrawl across it be to Harry , from Hagrid . inside be a roughly cut wooden flute . Hagrid have obviously whittle it himself . Harry blow it -- it sound a bit like an owl . a second , very small parcel contain a note . we receive your message and enclose your Christmas present . from Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia . tape to the note be a fifty-pence piece . " that be friendly , " say Harry . Ron be fascinate by the fifty pence . " weird ! " he say , ' what a shape ! this be money ? " " you can keep it , " say Harry , laugh at how pleased Ron be . " Hagrid and my aunt and uncle -- so who send these ? " " I think I know who that one be from , " say Ron , turn a bit pink and point to a very lumpy parcel . " my mom . I tell her you do n't expect any present and -- oh , no , " he groan , " she have make you a Weasley sweater . " Harry have tear open the parcel to find a thick , hand-knit sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge . " every year she make us a sweater , " say Ron , unwrap his own , " and mine be always maroon . " " that be really nice of her , " say Harry , try the fudge , which be very tasty . his next present also contain candy -- a large box of Chocolate Frogs from Hermione . this only leave one parcel . Harry pick it up and feel it . it be very light . he unwrap it . something fluid and silvery gray go slither to the floor where it lie in gleam fold . Ron gasp . " I have hear of those , " he say in a hush voice , drop the box of Every Flavor Beans he have get from Hermione . " if that be what I think it be -- they be really rare , and really valuable . " " what be it ? " Harry pick the shine , silvery cloth off the floor . it be strange to the touch , like water weave into material . " it be an invisibility cloak , " say Ron , a look of awe on his face . " I be sure it be -- try it on . " Harry throw the cloak around his shoulder and Ron give a yell . " it be ! look down ! " Harry look down at his foot , but they be go . he dash to the mirror . sure enough , his reflection look back at him , just his head suspend in midair , his body completely invisible . he pull the cloak over his head and his reflection vanish completely . " there be a note ! " say Ron suddenly . " a note fall out of it ! " Harry pull off the cloak and seize the letter . write in narrow , loopy writing he have never see before be the follow word : your father leave this in my possession before he die . it be time it be return to you . use it well . a Very merry Christmas to you . there be no signature . Harry stare at the note . Ron be admire the cloak . " I will give anything for one of these , " he say . " anything . what be the matter ? " " nothing , " say Harry . he feel very strange . who have send the cloak ? have it really once belong to his father ? before he could say or think anything else , the dormitory door be fling open and Fred and George Weasley bound in . Harry stuff the cloak quickly out of sight . he do n't feel like share it with anyone else yet . " Merry Christmas ! " " hey , look -- Harry 's get a Weasley sweater , too ! " Fred and George be wear blue sweater , one with a large yellow F on it , the other a G. " Harry 's be good than ours , though , " say Fred , hold up Harry 's sweater . " she obviously make more of an effort if you be not family . " " why be n't you wear yours , Ron ? " George demand . " come on , get it on , they be lovely and warm . " " I hate maroon , " Ron moan halfheartedly as he pull it over his head . " you have n't get a letter on yours , " George observe . " I suppose she think you do n't forget your name . but we be not stupid -- we know we be call Gred and Forge . " " what be all this noise ? " Percy Weasley stick his head through the door , look disapprove . he have clearly get halfway through unwrap his present as he , too , carry a lumpy sweater over his arm , which Fred seize . " P for prefect ! get it on , Percy , come on , we be all wear ours , even Harry get one . " " I -- do n't -- want - " say Percy thickly , as the twin force the sweater over his head , knock his glass askew . " and you be not sit with the prefect today , either , " say George . " Christmas be a time for family . " they frog-marched Percy from the room , his arm pin to his side by his sweater . Harry have never in all his life have such a Christmas dinner . a hundred fat , roast turkey ; mountain of roast and boil potato ; platter of chipolata ; tureen of butter pea , silver boat of thick , rich gravy and cranberry sauce - and stack of wizard cracker every few foot along the table . these fantastic party favors be nothing like the feeble Muggle one the Dursley usually buy , with their little plastic toy and their flimsy paper hat inside . Harry pull a wizard cracker with Fred and it do n't just bang , it go off with a blast like a cannon and engulf them all in a cloud of blue smoke , while from the inside explode a rear admiral 's hat and several live , white mouse . up at the High Table , Dumbledore have swap his pointed wizard 's hat for a flowered bonnet , and be chuckle merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick have just read him . Flaming Christmas pudding follow the turkey . Percy nearly break his tooth on a silver sickle embed in his slice . Harry watch Hagrid get red and red in the face as he call for more wine , finally kiss Professor McGonagall on the cheek , who , to Harry 's amazement , giggle and blush , her top hat lopsided . when Harry finally leave the table , he be lade down with a stack of thing out of the cracker , include a pack of nonexplodable , luminous balloon , a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit , and his own new wizard chess set . the white mouse have disappear and Harry have a nasty feeling they be go to end up as Mrs. Norris 's Christmas dinner . Harry and the Weasleys spend a happy afternoon have a furious snowball fight on the ground . then , cold , wet , and gasp for breath , they return to the fire in the Gryffindor common room , where Harry break in his new chess set by lose spectacularly to Ron . he suspect he would n't have lose so badly if Percy have n't try to help him so much . after a meal of turkey sandwich , crumpet , trifle , and Christmas cake , everyone feel too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and watch Percy chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor tower because they have steal his prefect badge . it have be Harry 's good Christmas day ever . yet something have be nag at the back of his mind all day . not until he climb into bed be he free to think about it : the invisibility cloak and whoever have send it . Ron , full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him , fall asleep almost as soon as he have draw the curtain of his four-poster . Harry lean over the side of his own bed and pull the cloak out from under it . his father be ... this have be his father 's . he let the material flow over his hand , smooth than silk , light as air . use it well , the note have say . he have to try it , now . he slip out of bed and wrap the cloak around himself . look down at his leg , he see only moonlight and shadow . it be a very funny feeling . use it well . suddenly , Harry feel wide-awake . the whole of Hogwarts be open to him in this cloak . excitement flood through him as he stand there in the dark and silence . he could go anywhere in this , anywhere , and Filch would never know . Ron grunt in his sleep . should Harry wake him ? something hold him back -- his father 's cloak -- he feel that this time -- the first time -- he want to use it alone . he creep out of the dormitory , down the stair , across the common room , and climb through the portrait hole . " who be there ? " squawk the Fat Lady . Harry say nothing . he walk quickly down the corridor . where should he go ? he stop , his heart racing , and think . and then it come to him . the restricted section in the library . he will be able to read as long as he like , as long as it take to find out who Flamel be . he set off , draw the invisibility cloak tight around him as he walk . the library be pitch-black and very eerie . Harry light a lamp to see his way along the row of book . the lamp look as if it be float along in midair , and even though Harry could feel his arm support it , the sight give him the creeps . the restricted section be right at the back of the library . step carefully over the rope that separate these book from the rest of the library , he hold up his lamp to read the title . they do n't tell him much . their peeling , fade gold letter spell word in language Harry could n't understand . some have no title at all . one book have a dark stain on it that look horribly like blood . the hair on the back of Harry 's neck prickle . maybe he be imagine it , maybe not , but he think a faint whispering be come from the book , as though they know someone be there who should n't be . he have to start somewhere . set the lamp down carefully on the floor , he look along the bottom shelf for an interesting look book . a large black and silver volume catch his eye . he pull it out with difficulty , because it be very heavy , and , balance it on his knee , let it fall open . a piercing , bloodcurdling shriek split the silence -- the book be scream ! Harry snap it shut , but the shriek go on and on , one high , unbroken , earsplitting note . he stumble backward and knock over his lamp , which go out at once . panick , he hear footstep come down the corridor outside -- stuff the shriek book back on the shelf , he run for it . he pass Filch in the doorway ; Filch 's pale , wild eye look straight through him , and Harry slip under Filch 's outstretch arm and streak off up the corridor , the book 's shriek still ring in his ear . he come to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor . he have be so busy get away from the library , he have n't pay attention to where he be go . perhaps because it be dark , he do n't recognize where he be at all . there be a suit of armor near the kitchen , he know , but he must be five floor above there . " you ask me to come directly to you , Professor , if anyone be wander around at night , and somebody have be in the library restricted section . " Harry feel the blood drain out of his face . wherever he be , Filch must know a shortcut , because his soft , greasy voice be get near , and to his horror , it be Snape who reply , " the restricted section ? well , they ca n't be far , we will catch them . " Harry stand root to the spot as Filch and Snape come around the corner ahead . they could n't see him , of course , but it be a narrow corridor and if they come much near they will knock right into him -- the cloak do n't stop him from be solid . he back away as quietly as he could . a door stand ajar to his left . it be his only hope . he squeeze through it , hold his breath , try not to move it , and to his relief he manage to get inside the room without their notice anything . they walk straight past , and Harry lean against the wall , breathe deeply , listen to their footstep die away . that have be close , very close . it be a few second before he notice anything about the room he have hide in . it look like an unused classroom . the dark shape of desk and chair be pile against the wall , and there be an upturn wastepaper basket - but prop against the wall face him be something that do n't look as if it belong there , something that look as if someone have just put it there to keep it out of the way . it be a magnificent mirror , as high as the ceiling , with an ornate gold frame , stand on two claw foot . there be an inscription carve around the top : Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi . his panic fade now that there be no sound of Filch and Snape , Harry move near to the mirror , want to look at himself but see no reflection again . he step in front of it . he have to clap his hand to his mouth to stop himself from scream . he whirl around . his heart be pound far more furiously than when the book have scream -- for he have see not only himself in the mirror , but a whole crowd of people stand right behind him . but the room be empty . breathe very fast , he turn slowly back to the mirror . there he be , reflect in it , white and scared-looking , and there , reflect behind him , be at least ten other . Harry look over his shoulder -- but still , no one be there . or be they all invisible , too ? be he in fact in a room full of invisible people and this mirror 's trick be that it reflect them , invisible or not ? he look in the mirror again . a woman stand right behind his reflection be smile at him and wave . he reach out a hand and feel the air behind him . if she be really there , he will touch her , their reflection be so close together , but he feel only air - she and the other exist only in the mirror . she be a very pretty woman . she have dark red hair and her eye -- her eye be just like mine , Harry think , edge a little close to the glass . bright green -- exactly the same shape , but then he notice that she be cry ; smile , but cry at the same time . the tall , thin , black-haired man stand next to her put his arm around her . he wear glass , and his hair be very untidy . it stick up at the back , just as Harry 's do . Harry be so close to the mirror now that his nose be nearly touch that of his reflection . " mom ? " he whisper . " Dad ? " they just look at him , smile . and slowly , Harry look into the face of the other people in the mirror , and see other pair of green eye like his , other nose like his , even a little old man who look as though he have Harry 's knobbly knee -- Harry be look at his family , for the first time in his life . the Potters smile and wave at Harry and he stare hungrily back at them , his hand press flat against the glass as though he be hope to fall right through it and reach them . he have a powerful kind of ache inside him , half joy , half terrible sadness . how long he stand there , he do n't know . the reflection do not fade and he look and look until a distant noise bring him back to his sense . he could n't stay here , he have to find his way back to bed . he tear his eye away from his mother 's face , whisper , " I will come back , " and hurry from the room . " you could have wake me up , " say Ron , crossly . " you can come tonight , I be go back , I want to show you the mirror . " " I will like to see your mom and dad , " Ron say eagerly . " and I want to see all your family , all the Weasleys , you will be able to show me your other brother and everyone . " " you can see them any old time , " say Ron . " just come around my house this summer . anyway , maybe it only show dead people . shame about not find Flamel , though . have some bacon or something , why be n't you eat anything ? " Harry could n't eat . he have see his parent and would be see them again tonight . he have almost forget about Flamel . it do n't seem very important anymore . who care what the three head dog be guard ? what do it matter if Snape steal it , really ? " be you all right ? " say Ron . " you look odd . " what Harry fear most be that he might not be able to find the mirror room again . with Ron cover in the cloak , too , they have to walk much more slowly the next night . they try retrace Harry 's route from the library , wander around the dark passageway for nearly an hour . " I be freeze , " say Ron . " let be forget it and go back . " " no ! " Harry hiss . " I know it be here somewhere . " they pass the ghost of a tall witch glide in the opposite direction , but see no one else . just as Ron start moan that his foot be dead with cold , Harry spot the suit of armor . " it be here -- just here -- yes ! " they push the door open . Harry drop the cloak from around his shoulder and run to the mirror . there they be . his mother and father beam at the sight of him . " see ? " Harry whisper . " I ca n't see anything . " " look ! look at them all ... there be load of them ... " " I can only see you . " " look in it properly , go on , stand where I be . " Harry step aside , but with Ron in front of the mirror , he could n't see his family anymore , just Ron in his paisley pajamas . Ron , though , be stare transfix at his image . " look at me ! " he say . " can you see all your family standing around you ? " " no -- I be alone -- but I be different -- I look old -- and I be head boy ! " " what ? " " I be -- I be wear the badge like Bill use to -- and I be hold the house cup and the Quidditch cup -- I be Quidditch captain , too . " Ron tear his eye away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at Harry . " do you think this mirror show the future ? " " how can it ? all my family be dead -- let me have another look - " " you have it to yourself all last night , give me a bit more time . " " you be only hold the Quidditch cup , what be interesting about that ? I want to see my parent . " " do n't push me - " a sudden noise outside in the corridor put an end to their discussion . they have n't realize how loudly they have be talk . " quick ! " Ron throw the cloak back over them as the luminous eye of Mrs. Norris come around the door . Ron and Harry stand quite still , both think the same thing -- do the cloak work on cat ? after what seem an age , she turn and leave . " this be n't safe -- she might have go for Filch , I bet she hear us . come on . " and Ron pull Harry out of the room . the snow still have n't melt the next morning . " want to play chess , Harry ? " say Ron . " No. " " why do n't we go down and visit Hagrid ? " " no ... you go ... " " I know what you be think about , Harry , that mirror . do n't go back tonight . " " why not ? " " I dunno , I have just get a bad feeling about it -- and anyway , you have have too many close shave already . filch , Snape , and Mrs. Norris be wander around . so what if they ca n't see you ? what if they walk into you ? what if you knock something over ? " " you sound like Hermione . " " I be serious , Harry , do n't go . " but Harry only have one thought in his head , which be to get back in front of the mirror , and Ron be n't go to stop him . that third night he find his way more quickly than before . he be walk so fast he know he be make more noise than be wise , but he do n't meet anyone . and there be his mother and father smile at him again , and one of his grandfather nod happily . Harry sink down to sit on the floor in front of the mirror . there be nothing to stop him from stay here all night with his family . nothing at all . except - " so -- back again , Harry ? " Harry feel as though his inside have turn to ice . he look behind him . sit on one of the desk by the wall be none other than Albus Dumbledore . Harry must have walk straight past him , so desperate to get to the mirror he have n't notice him . " I -- I do n't see you , sir . " " strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you , " say Dumbledore , and Harry be relieve to see that he be smile . " so , " say Dumbledore , slip off the desk to sit on the floor with Harry , " you , like hundred before you , have discover the delight of the Mirror of Erised . " " I do n't know it be call that , Sir . " " but I expect you have realize by now what it do ? " " it -- well -- it show me my family - " " and it show your friend Ron himself as head boy . " " how do you know - ? " " I do n't need a cloak to become invisible , " say Dumbledore gently . " now , can you think what the Mirror of Erised show us all ? " Harry shake his head . " let me explain . the happy man on earth would be able to use the Mirror of Erised like a normal mirror , that be , he would look into it and see himself exactly as he be . do that help ? " Harry think . then he say slowly , " it show us what we want ... whatever we want ... " " Yes and no , " say Dumbledore quietly . " it show us nothing more or less than the deep , most desperate desire of our heart . you , who have never know your family , see them stand around you . Ronald Weasley , who have always be overshadow by his brother , see himself stand alone , the good of all of them . however , this mirror will give us neither knowledge or truth . man have waste away before it , entrance by what they have see , or be drive mad , not know if what it show be real or even possible . " the Mirror will be move to a new home tomorrow , Harry , and I ask you not to go look for it again . if you ever do run across it , you will now be prepare . it do not do to dwell on dream and forget to live , remember that . now , why do n't you put that admirable cloak back on and get off to bed ? " Harry stand up . " Sir -- Professor Dumbledore ? can I ask you something ? " " obviously , you have just do so , " Dumbledore smile . " you may ask me one more thing , however . " " what do you see when you look in the mirror ? " " I ? I see myself hold a pair of thick , woolen sock . " Harry stare . " one can never have enough sock , " say Dumbledore . " another Christmas have come and go and I do n't get a single pair . people will insist on give me book . " it be only when he be back in bed that it strike Harry that Dumbledore might not have be quite truthful . but then , he think , as he shove Scabbers off his pillow , it have be quite a personal question .