chapter THIRTEEN Nicholas Flamel Dumbledore have convince Harry not to go look for the Mirror of Erised again , and for the rest of the Christmas holiday the invisibility cloak stay fold at the bottom of his trunk . Harry wish he could forget what he have see in the mirror as easily , but he could n't . he start have nightmare . over and over again he dream about his parent disappear in a flash of green light , while a high voice cackle with laughter . " you see , Dumbledore be right , that mirror could drive you mad , " say Ron , when Harry tell him about these dream . Hermione , who come back the day before term start , take a different view of thing . she be tear between horror at the idea of Harry be out of bed , roam the school three night in a row ( " if Filch have catch you ! " ) , and disappointment that he have n't at least find out who Nicolas Flamel be . they have almost give up hope of ever find Flamel in a library book , even though Harry be still sure he will read the name somewhere . once term have start , they be back to skim through book for ten minute during their break . Harry have even less time than the other two , because Quidditch practice have start again . wood be work the team harder than ever . even the endless rain that have replace the snow could n't dampen his spirit . the Weasleys complain that Wood be become a fanatic , but Harry be on Wood 's side . if they win their next match , against Hufflepuff , they would overtake Slytherin in the house championship for the first time in seven year . quite apart from want to win , Harry find that he have few nightmare when he be tire out after training . then , during one particularly wet and muddy practice session , Wood give the team a bit of bad news . he have just get very angry with the Weasleys , who keep dive-bomb each other and pretend to fall off their broom . " will you stop mess around ! " he yell . " that be exactly the sort of thing that will lose us the match ! Snape be referee this time , and he will be look for any excuse to knock point off Gryffindor ! " George Weasley really do fall off his broom at these word . " Snape be referee ? " he splutter through a mouthful of mud . " when be he ever referee a Quidditch match ? he be not go to be fair if we might overtake Slytherin . " the rest of the team land next to George to complain , too . " it be not my fault , " say Wood . " we have just get to make sure we play a clean game , so Snape have n't get an excuse to pick on us . " which be all very well , think Harry , but he have another reason for not want Snape near him while he be play Quidditch ... the rest of the team hang back to talk to one another as usual at the end of practice , but Harry head straight back to the Gryffindor common room , where he find Ron and Hermione playing chess . chess be the only thing Hermione ever lose at , something Harry and Ron think be very good for her . " do n't talk to me for a moment , " say Ron when Harry sit down next to him , " I need to concen - " he catch sight of Harry 's face . " what be the matter with you ? you look terrible . " speak quietly so that no one else would hear , Harry tell the other two about Snape 's sudden , sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee . " do n't play , " say Hermione at once . " say you be ill , " say Ron . " pretend to break your leg , " Hermione suggest . " really break your leg , " say Ron . " I ca n't , " say Harry . " there be n't a reserve seeker . if I back out , Gryffindor ca n't play at all . " at that moment Neville topple into the common room . how he have manage to climb through the portrait hole be anyone 's guess , because his leg have be stick together with what they recognize at once as the Leg-Locker Curse . he must have have to bunny hop all the way up to Gryffindor tower . everyone fall over laugh except Hermione , who leap up and perform the countercurse . Neville 's leg spring apart and he get to his foot , tremble . " what happen ? " Hermione ask him , lead him over to sit with Harry and Ron . " Malfoy , " say Neville shakily . " I meet him outside the library . he say he have be look for someone to practice that on . " " go to Professor McGonagall ! " Hermione urge Neville . " report him ! " Neville shake his head . " I do n't want more trouble , " he mumble . " you have get to stand up to him , Neville ! " say Ron . " he be use to walk all over people , but that be no reason to lie down in front of him and make it easy . " " there be no need to tell me I be not brave enough to be in Gryffindor , Malfoy 's already do that , " Neville choke out . Harry feel in the pocket of his robe and pull out a Chocolate Frog , the very last one from the box Hermione have give him for Christmas . he give it to Neville , who look as though he might cry . " you be worth twelve of Malfoy , " Harry say . " the Sorting Hat choose you for Gryffindor , do n't it ? and where be Malfoy ? in stinking Slytherin . " Neville 's lip twitch in a weak smile as he unwrap the frog . " thanks , Harry ... I think I will go to bed ... D'you want the card , you collect them , do n't you ? " as Neville walk away , Harry look at the Famous Wizard card . " Dumbledore again , " he say , " he be the first one I ever - " he gasp . he stare at the back of the card . then he look up at Ron and Hermione . " I have find him ! " he whisper . " I have find Flamel ! I tell you I will read the name somewhere before , I read it on the train come here -- listen to this : ' Dumbledore be particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in @card@ , for the discovery of the twelve use of dragon 's blood , and his work on alchemy with his partner , Nicolas Flamel ' ! " Hermione jump to her foot . she have n't look so excited since they have get back the mark for their very first piece of homework . " stay there ! " she say , and she sprint up the stair to the girl ' dormitory . Harry and Ron barely have time to exchange mystify look before she be dash back , an enormous old book in her arm . " I never think to look in here ! " she whisper excitedly . " I get this out of the library week ago for a bit of light reading . " " light ? " say Ron , but Hermione tell him to be quiet until she have look something up , and start flick frantically through the page , mutter to herself . at last she find what she be look for . " I know it ! I know it ! " " be we allow to speak yet ? " say Ron grumpily . Hermione ignore him . " Nicolas Flamel , " she whisper dramatically , " be the only know maker of the Sorcerer 's Stone ! " this do n't have quite the effect she have expect . " the what ? " say Harry and Ron . " oh , honestly , do n't you two read ? look - read that , there . " she push the book toward them , and Harry and Ron read : the ancient study of alchemy be concern with make the Sorcerer 's Stone , a legendary substance with astonishing power . the stone will transform any metal into pure gold . it also produce the Elixir of Life , which will make the drinker immortal . there have be many report of the Sorcerer 's Stone over the century , but the only Stone currently in existence belong to Mr. Nicolas Flamel , the noted alchemist and opera lover . Mr. Flamel , who celebrate his six hundred and sixty-fifth birthday last year , enjoy a quiet life in Devon with his wife , Perenelle ( six hundred and Fifty-eight ) . " see ? " say Hermione , when Harry and Ron have finish . " the dog must be guard Flamel 's Sorcerer 's Stone ! I bet he ask Dumbledore to keep it safe for him , because they be friend and he know someone be after it , that be why he want the Stone move out of Gringotts ! " " a stone that make gold and stop you from ever die ! " say Harry . " no wonder Snape 's after it ! anyone would want it . " " and no wonder we could n't find Flamel in that study of Recent development in wizardry , " say Ron . " he be not exactly recent if he be six hundred and sixty-five , be he ? " the next morning in Defense against the Dark Arts , while copy down different way of treat werewolf bite , Harry and Ron be still discuss what they will do with a Sorcerer 's Stone if they have one . it be n't until Ron say he will buy his own Quidditch team that Harry remember about Snape and the come match . " I be go to play , " he tell Ron and Hermione . " if I do n't , all the Slytherins will think I be just too scare to face Snape . I will show them ... it will really wipe the smile off their face if we win . " " just as long as we be not wipe you off the field , " say Hermione . as the match draw near , however , Harry become more and more nervous , whatever he tell Ron and Hermione . the rest of the team be n't too calm , either . the idea of overtake Slytherin in the house championship be wonderful , no one have do it for seven year , but would they be allow to , with such a bias referee ? Harry do n't know whether he be imagine it or not , but he seem to keep run into Snape wherever he go . at time , he even wonder whether Snape be follow him , try to catch him on his own . potion lesson be turn into a sort of weekly torture , Snape be so horrible to Harry . could Snape possibly know they have find out about the Sorcerer 's Stone ? Harry do n't see how he could -- yet he sometimes have the horrible feeling that Snape could read mind . Harry know , when they wish him good luck outside the locker room the next afternoon , that Ron and Hermione be wonder whether they will ever see him alive again . this be n't what you will call comforting . Harry hardly hear a word of Wood 's pep talk as he pull on his Quidditch robe and pick up his Nimbus Two Thousand . Ron and Hermione , meanwhile , have find a place in the stand next to Neville , who could n't understand why they look so grim and worried , or why they have both bring their wand to the match . Little do Harry know that Ron and Hermione have be secretly practice the LegLocker Curse . they have get the idea from Malfoy use it on Neville , and be ready to use it on Snape if he show any sign of want to hurt Harry . " now , do n't forget , it be Locomotor Mortis , " Hermione mutter as Ron slip his wand up his sleeve . " I know , " Ron snap . " do n't nag . " back in the locker room , Wood have take Harry aside . " do n't want to pressure you , Potter , but if we ever need an early capture of the Snitch it be now . finish the game before Snape can favor Hufflepuff too much . " " the whole school be out there ! " say Fred Weasley , peer out of the door . " even -- blimey -- Dumbledore be come to watch ! " Harry 's heart do a somersault . " Dumbledore ? " he say , dash to the door to make sure . Fred be right . there be no mistake that silver beard . Harry could have laugh out loud with relief , he be safe . there be simply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore be watch . perhaps that be why Snape be look so angry as the team march onto the field , something that Ron notice , too . " I have never see Snape look so mean , " he tell Hermione . " look -- they be off . Ouch ! " someone have poke Ron in the back of the head . it be Malfoy . " oh , sorry , Weasley , do n't see you there . " Malfoy grin broadly at Crabbe and Goyle . " wonder how long Potter be go to stay on his broom this time ? anyone want a bet ? what about you , Weasley ? " Ron do n't answer ; Snape have just award Hufflepuff a penalty because George Weasley have hit a Bludger at him . Hermione , who have all her finger cross in her lap , be squint fixedly at Harry , who be circle the game like a hawk , look for the Snitch . " you know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team ? " say Malfoy loudly a few minute later , as Snape award Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all . " it be people they feel sorry for . see , there be Potter , who have get no parent , then there be the Weasleys , who have get no money -- you should be on the team , Longbottom , you have get no brain . " Neville go bright red but turn in his seat to face Malfoy . " I be worth twelve of you , Malfoy , " he stammer . Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle howl with laughter , but Ron , still not daring to take his eye from the game , say , " you tell him , Neville . " " Longbottom , if brain be gold you will be poor than Weasley , and that be say something . " Ron 's nerve be already stretch to the break point with anxiety about Harry . " I be warn you , Malfoy -- one more word - " " Ron ! " say Hermione suddenly , " Harry - " " what ? where ? " Harry have suddenly go into a spectacular dive , which draw gasp and cheer from the crowd . Hermione stand up , her cross finger in her mouth , as Harry streak toward the ground like a bullet . " you be in luck , Weasley , Potter 's obviously spot some money on the ground ! " say Malfoy . Ron snap . before Malfoy know what be happen , Ron be on top of him , wrestle him to the ground . Neville hesitate , then clamber over the back of his seat to help . " come on , Harry ! " Hermione scream , leap onto her seat to watch as Harry speed straight at Snape -- she do n't even notice Malfoy and Ron roll around under her seat , or the scuffle and yelp come from the whirl of fist that be Neville , Crabbe , and Goyle . up in the air , Snape turn on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him , miss him by inch -- the next second , Harry have pull out of the dive , his arm raise in triumph , the Snitch clasp in his hand . the stand erupt ; it have to be a record , no one could ever remember the Snitch be catch so quickly . " Ron ! Ron ! where be you ? the game be over ! Harry 's won ! we have win ! Gryffindor be in the lead ! " shriek Hermione , dance up and down on her seat and hug Parvati Patil in the row in front . Harry jump off his broom , a foot from the ground . he could n't believe it . he have do it -- the game be over ; it have barely last five minute . as Gryffindors come spill onto the field , he see Snape land nearby , white-faced and tight-lipped -- then Harry feel a hand on his shoulder and look up into Dumbledore 's smile face . " well do , " say Dumbledore quietly , so that only Harry could hear . " nice to see you have n't be brood about that mirror ... be keep busy ... excellent ... " Snape spit bitterly on the ground . Harry leave the locker room alone some time later , to take his Nimbus Two Thousand back to the broomshed . he could n't ever remember feel happy . he have really do something to be proud of now - no one could say he be just a famous name any more . the evening air have never smell so sweet . he walk over the damp grass , relive the last hour in his head , which be a happy blur : Gryffindors run to lift him onto their shoulder ; Ron and Hermione in the distance , jump up and down , Ron cheer through a heavy nosebleed . Harry have reach the shed . he lean against the wooden door and look up at Hogwarts , with its window glow red in the set sun . Gryffindor in the lead . he have do it , he have show Snape ... and speak of Snape ... a hooded figure come swiftly down the front step of the castle . clearly not want to be see , it walk as fast as possible toward the forbidden forest . Harry 's victory fade from his mind as he watch . he recognize the figure 's prowl walk . Snape , sneak into the forest while everyone else be at dinner -- what be go on ? Harry jump back on his Nimbus Two Thousand and take off . glide silently over the castle he see Snape enter the forest at a run . he follow . the tree be so thick he could n't see where Snape have go . he fly in circle , low and low , brush the top branch of tree until he hear voice . he glide toward them and land noiselessly in a towering beech tree . he climb carefully along one of the branch , hold tight to his broomstick , try to see through the leaf . below , in a shadowy clearing , stand Snape , but he be n't alone . Quirrell be there , too . Harry could n't make out the look on his face , but he be stutter bad than ever . Harry strain to catch what they be say . " ... d-do n't know why you want t-t-to meet here of all p-places , Severus ... " " oh , I think we will keep this private , " say Snape , his voice icy . " student be n't suppose to know about the Sorcerer 's Stone , after all . " Harry lean forward . Quirrell be mumble something . Snape interrupt him . " have you find out how to get past that beast of Hagrid 's yet ? " " B-b-but Severus , I - " " you do n't want me as your enemy , Quirrell , " say Snape , take a step toward him . " I-I do n't know what you - " " you know perfectly well what I mean . " an owl hoot loudly , and Harry nearly fall out of the tree . he steady himself in time to hear Snape say , " - your little bit of hocus-pocus . I be wait . " " B-but I d-d-do n't - " " Very well , " Snape cut in . " we will have another little chat soon , when you have have time to think thing over and decide where your loyalty lie . " he throw his cloak over his head and stride out of the clearing . it be almost dark now , but Harry could see Quirrell , stand quite still as though he be petrify . " Harry , where have you be ? " Hermione squeak . " we win ! you win ! we win ! " shout Ron , thump Harry on the back . " and I give Malfoy a black eye , and Neville try to take on Crabbe and Goyle single-handed ! he be still out cold but Madam Pomfrey say he will be all right -- talk about show Slytherin ! everyone be wait for you in the common room , we be have a party , Fred and George steal some cake and stuff from the kitchen . " " never mind that now , " say Harry breathlessly . " let be find an empty room , you wait ' til you hear this ... " he make sure Peeves be n't inside before shut the door behind them , then he tell them what he have see and hear . " so we be right , it be the Sorcerer 's Stone , and Snape be try to force Quirrell to help him get it . he ask if he know how to get past Fluffy -- and he say something about Quirrell 's ' hocus pocus ' -- I reckon there be other thing guard the stone apart from Fluffy , load of enchantment , probably , and Quirrell would have do some anti-Dark art spell that Snape need to break through - " " so you mean the Stone 's only safe as long as Quirrell stand up to Snape ? " say Hermione in alarm . " it will be go by next Tuesday , " say Ron .