chapter FOURTEEN Norbert the Norwegian Ridgeback Quirrell , however , must have be brave than they have think . in the week that follow he do seem to be get pale and thin , but it do n't look as though he have crack yet . every time they pass the third-floor corridor , Harry , Ron , and Hermione would press their ear to the door to check that Fluffy be still growl inside . Snape be sweep about in his usual bad temper , which surely mean that the Stone be still safe . whenever Harry pass Quirrell these day he give him an encouraging sort of smile , and Ron have start tell people off for laugh at Quirrell 's stutter . Hermione , however , have more on her mind than the Sorcerer 's Stone . she have start draw up study schedule and color code all her note . Harry and Ron would n't have mind , but she keep nag them to do the same . " Hermione , the exam be age away . " " ten week , " Hermione snap . " that be not age , that be like a second to Nicolas Flamel . " " but we be not six hundred year old , " Ron remind her . " anyway , what be you study for , you already know it be an A. " " what be I study for ? be you crazy ? you realize we need to pass these exam to get into the second year ? they be very important , I should have start study a month ago , I do n't know what be get into me ... " unfortunately , the teacher seem to be think along the same line as Hermione . they pile so much homework on them that the Easter holiday be n't nearly as much fun as the Christmas one . it be hard to relax with Hermione next to you recite the twelve use of dragon 's blood or practice wand movement . moan and yawn , Harry and Ron spend most of their free time in the library with her , try to get through all their extra work . " I will never remember this , " Ron burst out one afternoon , throw down his quill and look longingly out of the library window . it be the first really fine day they have have in month . the sky be a clear , forget-me-not blue , and there be a feeling in the air of summer come . Harry , who be look up " Dittany " in one Thousand Magical Herb and Fungi , do n't look up until he hear Ron say , " Hagrid ! what be you do in the library ? " Hagrid shuffle into view , hide something behind his back . he look very out of place in his moleskin overcoat . " jus ' lookin ' , " he say , in a shifty voice that get their interest at once . " an ' what be you lot up ter ? " he look suddenly suspicious . " Yer not still lookin ' fer Nicolas Flamel , be yeh ? " " oh , we find out who he be age ago , " say Ron impressively . " and we know what that dog be guard , it be a Sorcerer 's St - " " Shhhh ! " Hagrid look around quickly to see if anyone be listen . " Don ' go shoutin ' about it , what be the matter with Yeh ? " " there be a few thing we want to ask you , as a matter of fact , " say Harry , " about what be guard the Stone apart from Fluffy - " " SHHHH ! " say Hagrid again . " listen -- come an ' see me later , I be not promisin ' I will tell yeh anythin ' , mind , but don ' go rabbitin ' about it in here , student aren ' s'pposed ter know . they will think I have tell yeh - " " see you later , then , " say Harry . Hagrid shuffle off . " what be he hide behind his back ? " say Hermione thoughtfully . " do you think it have anything to do with the Stone ? " " I be go to see what section he be in , " say Ron , who have have enough of work . he come back a minute later with a pile of book in his arm and slam them down on the table . " dragon ! " he whisper . " Hagrid be look up stuff about dragon ! look at these : Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland ; from Egg to Inferno , a Dragon Keeper 's Guide . " " Hagrid 's always want a dragon , he tell me so the first time I ever meet him , " say Harry . " but it be against our law , " say Ron . " Dragon breeding be outlaw by the Warlocks ' convention of @card@ , everyone know that . it be hard to stop Muggles from notice us if we be keep dragon in the back garden -- anyway , you ca n't tame dragon , it be dangerous . you should see the burn Charlie be get off wild one in Romania . " " but there be n't wild dragon in Britain ? " say Harry . " of course there be , " say Ron . " Common Welsh Green and Hebridean black . the Ministry of Magic have a job hush them up , I can tell you . our kind have to keep put spell on Muggles who have spot them , to make them forget . " " so what on earth 's Hagrid up to ? " say Hermione . when they knock on the door of the gamekeeper 's hut an hour later , they be surprise to see that all the curtain be close . Hagrid call " who be it ? " before he let them in , and then shut the door quickly behind them . it be stifle hot inside . even though it be such a warm day , there be a blaze fire in the grate . Hagrid make them tea and offer them stoat sandwich , which they refuse . " so -- Yeh want to ask me somethin ' ? " " yes , " say Harry . there be no point beating around the bush . " we be wonder if you could tell us what be guard the Sorcerer 's Stone apart from Fluffy . " Hagrid frown at him . " O ' course I ca n't , " he say . " number one , I don ' know meself . number two , yeh know too much already , so I wouldn ' tell yeh if I could . that Stone be here fer a good reason . it be almost steal outta Gringotts -- I s'ppose yeh have work that out an ' all ? beat me how yeh even know abou ' Fluffy . " " oh , come on , Hagrid , you might not want to tell us , but you do know , you know everything that go on round here , " say Hermione in a warm , flatter voice . Hagrid 's beard twitch and they could tell he be smile . " we only wonder who have do the guard , really . " Hermione go on . " we wonder who Dumbledore have trust enough to help him , apart from you . " Hagrid 's chest swell at these last word . Harry and Ron beam at Hermione . " well , I don ' s'pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that ... let be see ... he borrow Fluffy from me ... then some o ' the teacher do enchantment ... Professor Sprout -- Professor Flitwick -- Professor McGonagall - " he tick them off on his finger , " Professor Quirrell -- an ' Dumbledore himself do somethin ' , o ' course . hang on , I have forget someone . oh yeah , Professor Snape . " " Snape ? " " yeah -- yer not still on abou ' that , be yeh ? look , Snape help protect the Stone , he be not about ter steal it . " Harry know Ron and Hermione be think the same as he be . if Snape have be in on protect the Stone , it must have be easy to find out how the other teacher have guard it . he probably know everything -- except , it seem , Quirrell 's spell and how to get past Fluffy . " you be the only one who know how to get past Fluffy . be n't you , Hagrid ? " say Harry anxiously . " and you would n't tell anyone , would you ? not even one of the teacher ? " " not a soul know except me an ' Dumbledore , " say Hagrid proudly . " well , that be something , " Harry mutter to the other . " Hagrid , can we have a window open ? I be boil . " " can n't , Harry , sorry , " say Hagrid . Harry notice him glance at the fire . Harry look at it , too . " Hagrid -- what be that ? " but he already know what it be . in the very heart of the fire , underneath the kettle , be a huge , black egg . " ah , " say Hagrid , fiddle nervously with his beard , " that be -- er ... " " where do you get it , Hagrid ? " say Ron , crouch over the fire to get a close look at the egg . " it must have cost you a fortune . " " win it , " say Hagrid . " Las ' night . I be down in the village havin ' a few drink an ' get into a game o ' card with a stranger . think he be quite glad ter get rid of it , ter be honest . " " but what be you go to do with it when it be hatch ? " say Hermione . " well , I have bin doin ' some readin ' , " say Hagrid , pull a large book from under his pillow . " get this outta the library - Dragon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit -- it be a bit outta date , o ' course , but it be all in here . keep the egg in the fire , ' cause their mother breathe on I em , see , an ' when it hatch , feed it on a bucket o ' brandy mix with chicken blood every half hour . an ' see here -- how ter recognize diff'rent egg -- what I get there be a Norwegian Ridgeback . they be rare , them . " he look very pleased with himself , but Hermione do n't . " Hagrid , you live in a wooden house , " she say . but Hagrid be n't listen . he be hum merrily as he stoke the fire . so now they have something else to worry about : what might happen to Hagrid if anyone find out he be hide an illegal dragon in his hut . " wonder what it be like to have a peaceful life , " Ron sigh , as evening after evening they struggle through all the extra homework they be get . Hermione have now start make study schedule for Harry and Ron , too . it be drive them nut . then , one breakfast time , Hedwig bring Harry another note from Hagrid . he have write only two word : it be hatch . Ron want to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut . Hermione would n't hear of it . " Hermione , how many time in our life be we go to see a dragon hatch ? " " we have get lesson , we will get into trouble , and that be nothing to what Hagrid be go to be in when someone find out what he be do - " " Shut up ! " Harry whisper . Malfoy be only a few foot away and he have stop dead to listen . how much have he hear ? Harry do n't like the look on Malfoy 's face at all . Ron and Hermione argue all the way to Herbology and in the end , Hermione agree to run down to Hagrid 's with the other two during morning break . when the bell sound from the castle at the end of their lesson , the three of them drop their trowel at once and hurry through the ground to the edge of the forest . Hagrid greet them , look flush and excite . " it be nearly out . " he usher them inside . the egg be lie on the table . there be deep crack in it . something be move inside ; a funny click noise be come from it . they all draw their chair up to the table and watch with bate breath . all at once there be a scrape noise and the egg split open . the baby dragon flop onto the table . it be n't exactly pretty ; Harry think it look like a crumpled , black umbrella . its spiny wing be huge compare to its skinny jet body , it have a long snout with wide nostril , the stub of horn and bulge , orange eye . it sneeze . a couple of spark fly out of its snout . " be n't he beautiful ? " Hagrid murmur . he reach out a hand to stroke the dragon 's head . it snap at his finger , show pointed fang . " bless him , look , he know his mommy ! " say Hagrid . " Hagrid , " say Hermione , " how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow , exactly ? " Hagrid be about to answer when the color suddenly drain from his face -- he leap to his foot and run to the window . " what be the matter ? " " someone be lookin ' through the gap in the curtain -- it be a kid -- he be runnin ' back up ter the school . " Harry bolt to the door and look out . even at a distance there be no mistake him . Malfoy have see the dragon . something about the smile lurk on Malfoy 's face during the next week make Harry , Ron , and Hermione very nervous . they spend most of their free time in Hagrid 's darken hut , try to reason with him . " just let him go , " Harry urge . " set him free . " " I ca n't , " say Hagrid . " he be too little . he will die . " they look at the dragon . it have grow three time in length in just a week . smoke keep furl out of its nostril . Hagrid have n't be do his gamekeeping duty because the dragon be keep him so busy . there be empty brandy bottle and chicken feather all over the floor . " I have decide to call him Norbert , " say Hagrid , look at the dragon with misty eye . " he really know me now , watch . Norbert ! Norbert ! where be Mommy ? " " he have lose his marble , " Ron mutter in Harry 's ear . " Hagrid , " say Harry loudly , " give it two week and Norbert be go to be as long as your house . Malfoy could go to Dumbledore at any moment . " Hagrid bite his lip . " I -- I know I ca n't keep him forever , but I ca n't jus ' dump him , I ca n't . " Harry suddenly turn to Ron . " Charlie . " he say . " you be lose it , too , " say Ron . " I be Ron , remember ? " " no -- Charlie -- your brother , Charlie . in Romania . study dragon . we could send Norbert to him . Charlie can take care of him and then put him back in the wild ! " " brilliant ! " say Ron . " how about it , Hagrid ? " and in the end , Hagrid agree that they could send an owl to Charlie to ask him . the follow week drag by . Wednesday night find Hermione and Harry sit alone in the common room , long after everyone else have go to bed . the clock on the wall have just chime midnight when the portrait hole burst open . Ron appear out of nowhere as he pull off Harry 's invisibility cloak . he have be down at Hagrid 's hut , help him feed Norbert , who be now eat dead rat by the crate . " it bite me ! " he say , show them his hand , which be wrap in a bloody handkerchief . " I be not go to be able to hold a quill for a week . I tell you , that dragon be the most horrible animal I have ever meet , but the way Hagrid go on about it , you will think it be a fluffy little bunny rabbit . when it bite me he tell me off for frighten it . and when I leave , he be sing it a lullaby . " there be a tap on the dark window . " it be Hedwig ! " say Harry , hurry to let her in . " she will have Charlie 's answer ! " the three of them put their head together to read the note . Dear Ron , how be you ? thanks for the letter -- I will be glad to take the Norwegian Ridgeback , but it wo n't be easy get him here . I think the good thing will be to send him over with some friend of mine who be come to visit me next week . trouble be , they must n't be see carry an illegal dragon . could you get the Ridgeback up the tall tower at midnight on Saturday ? they can meet you there and take him away while it be still dark . send me an answer as soon as possible . Love , Charlie they look at one another . " we have get the invisibility cloak , " say Harry . " it should n't be too difficult - I think the cloak big enough to cover two of us and Norbert . " it be a mark of how bad the last week have be that the other two agree with him . anything to get rid of Norbert -- and Malfoy . there be a hitch . by the next morning , Ron 's bite hand have swell to twice its usual size . he do n't know whether it be safe to go to Madam Pomfrey -- would she recognize a dragon bite ? by the afternoon , though , he have no choice . the cut have turn a nasty shade of green . it look as if Norbert 's fang be poisonous . Harry and Hermione rush up to the hospital wing at the end of the day to find Ron in a terrible state in bed . " it be not just my hand , " he whisper , " although that feel like it be about to fall off . Malfoy tell Madam Pomfrey he want to borrow one of my book so he could come and have a good laugh at me . he keep threaten to tell her what really bite me -- I have tell her it be a dog , but I do n't think she believe me -- I should n't have hit him at the Quidditch match , that be why he be do this . " Harry and Hermione try to calm Ron down . " it will all be over at midnight on Saturday , " say Hermione , but this do n't soothe Ron at all . on the contrary , he sit bolt upright and break into a sweat . " midnight on Saturday ! " he say in a hoarse voice . " oh no oh no -- I have just remember -- Charlie 's letter be in that book Malfoy take , he be go to know we be get rid of Norbert . " Harry and Hermione do n't get a chance to answer . madam Pomfrey come over at that moment and make them leave , say Ron needed sleep . " it be too late to change the plan now , " Harry tell Hermione . " we have n't get time to send Charlie another owl , and this could be our only chance to get rid of Norbert . we will have to risk it . and we have get the invisibility cloak , Malfoy do n't know about that . " they find Fang , the boarhound , sit outside with a bandage tail when they go to tell Hagrid , who open a window to talk to them . " I wo n't let you in , " he puff . " Norbert 's at a tricky stage -- nothin ' I ca n't handle . " when they tell him about Charlie 's letter , his eye fill with tear , although that might have be because Norbert have just bite him on the leg . " Aargh ! it be all right , he only get my boot -- jus ' playin ' -- he be only a baby , after all . " the baby bang its tail on the wall , make the window rattle . Harry and Hermione walk back to the castle feel Saturday could n't come quickly enough . they would have feel sorry for Hagrid when the time come for him to say good-bye to Norbert if they have n't be so worry about what they have to do . it be a very dark , cloudy night , and they be a bit late arrive at Hagrid 's hut because they have have to wait for Peeves to get out of their way in the entrance hall , where he have be play tennis against the wall . Hagrid have Norbert pack and ready in a large crate . " he have get lot o ' rat an ' some brandy fer the journey , " say Hagrid in a muffle voice . " an ' I have pack his teddy bear in case he get lonely . " from inside the crate come ripping noise that sound to Harry as though the teddy be have his head tear off . " bye-bye , Norbert ! " Hagrid sob , as Harry and Hermione cover the crate with the invisibility cloak and step underneath it themselves . " Mommy will never forget you ! " how they manage to get the crate back up to the castle , they never know . midnight tick near as they heave Norbert up the marble staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark corridor . up another staircase , then another - even one of Harry 's shortcut do n't make the work much easy . " nearly there ! " Harry pant as they reach the corridor beneath the tall tower . then a sudden movement ahead of them make them almost drop the crate . forget that they be already invisible , they shrink into the shadow , stare at the dark outline of two people grapple with each other ten foot away . a lamp flare . Professor McGonagall , in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net , have Malfoy by the ear . " detention ! " she shout . " and twenty point from Slytherin ! wander around in the middle of the night , how dare you - " " you do n't understand , Professor . Harry Potter be come -- he have get a dragon ! " " what utter rubbish ! how dare you tell such lie ! come on -- I shall see Professor Snape about you , Malfoy ! " the steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seem the easy thing in the world after that . not until they have step out into the cold night air do they throw off the cloak , glad to be able to breathe properly again . Hermione do a sort of jig . " Malfoy 's get detention ! I could sing ! " " do n't , " Harry advise her . chuckle about Malfoy , they wait , Norbert thrashing about in his crate . about ten minute later , four broomstick come swoop down out of the darkness . Charlie 's friend be a cheery lot . they show Harry and Hermione the harness they have rig up , so they could suspend Norbert between them . they all help buckle Norbert safely into it and then Harry and Hermione shake hand with the other and thank them very much . at last , Norbert be go ... go ... go . they slip back down the spiral staircase , their heart as light as their hand , now that Norbert be off them . no more dragon -- Malfoy in detention -- what could spoil their happiness ? the answer to that be wait at the foot of the stair . as they step into the corridor , Filch 's face loom suddenly out of the darkness . " well , well , well , " he whisper , " we be in trouble . " they have leave the invisibility cloak on top of the tower .