chapter FIFTEEN the Forbidden Forest thing could n't have be bad . filch take them down to Professor McGonagall 's study on the first floor , where they sit and wait without say a word to each other . Hermione be tremble . excuse , alibi , and wild cover- up story chase each other around Harry 's brain , each more feeble than the last . he could n't see how they be go to get out of trouble this time . they be corner . how could they have be so stupid as to forget the cloak ? there be no reason on earth that Professor McGonagall would accept for their be out of bed and creep around the school in the dead of night , let alone be up the tall astronomy tower , which be out-of-bound except for class . add Norbert and the invisibility cloak , and they might as well be pack their bag already . have Harry think that thing could n't have be bad ? he be wrong . when Professor McGonagall appear , she be lead Neville . " Harry ! " Neville burst out , the moment he see the other two . " I be try to find you to warn you , I hear Malfoy say he be go to catch you , he say you have a drag - " Harry shake his head violently to shut Neville up , but Professor McGonagall have see . she look more likely to breathe fire than Norbert as she towered over the three of them . " I would never have believe it of any of you . Mr. Filch say you be up in the astronomy tower . it be one o'clock in the morning . explain yourselves . " it be the first time Hermione have ever fail to answer a teacher 's question . she be stare at her slipper , as still as a statue . " I think I have get a good idea of what have be go on , " say Professor McGonagall . " it do n't take a genius to work it out . you feed Draco Malfoy some cock-and-bull story about a dragon , try to get him out of bed and into trouble . I have already catch him . I suppose you think it be funny that Longbottom here hear the story and believe it , too ? " Harry catch Neville 's eye and try to tell him without word that this be n't true , because Neville be look stun and hurt . Poor , blunder Neville -- Harry know what it must have cost him to try and find them in the dark , to warn them . " I be disgust , " say Professor McGonagall . " four student out of bed in one night ! I have never hear of such a thing before ! you , Miss Granger , I think you have more sense . as for you , Mr. Potter , I think Gryffindor mean more to you than this . all three of you will receive detention -- yes , you too , Mr. Longbottom , nothing give you the right to walk around school at night , especially these day , it be very dangerous -- and fifty point will be take from Gryffindor . " " fifty ? " Harry gasp -- they would lose the lead , the lead he have win in the last Quidditch match . " fifty point each , " say Professor McGonagall , breathe heavily through her long , pointed nose . " professor -- please - " " you ca n't - " " do n't tell me what I can and ca n't do , Potter . now get back to bed , all of you . I have never be more ashamed of Gryffindor student . " a hundred and fifty point lose . that put Gryffindor in last place . in one night , they have ruin any chance Gryffindor have have for the house cup . Harry feel as though the bottom have drop out of his stomach . how could they ever make up for this ? Harry do n't sleep all night . he could hear Neville sob into his pillow for what seem like hour . Harry could n't think of anything to say to comfort him . he know Neville , like himself , be dread the dawn . what would happen when the rest of Gryffindor find out what they have do ? at first , Gryffindors pass the giant hourglass that record the house point the next day think there have be a mistake . how could they suddenly have a hundred and fifty point few than yesterday ? and then the story start to spread : Harry Potter , the famous Harry Potter , their hero of two Quidditch match , have lose them all those point , him and a couple of other stupid first year . from be one of the most popular and admire people at the school , Harry be suddenly the most hate . even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs turn on him , because everyone have be long to see Slytherin lose the house cup . everywhere Harry go , people point and do n't trouble to lower their voice as they insult him . Slytherins , on the other hand , clap as he walk past them , whistle and cheer , " thanks Potter , we owe you one ! " only Ron stand by him . " they will all forget this in a few week . Fred and George have lose load of point in all the time they have be here , and people still like them . " " they have never lose a hundred and fifty point in one go , though , have they ? " say Harry miserably . " well -- no , " Ron admit . it be a bit late to repair the damage , but Harry swear to himself not to meddle in thing that be n't his business from now on . he have have it with sneak around and spy . he feel so ashamed of himself that he go to Wood and offer to resign from the Quidditch team . " resign ? " Wood thunder . " what good will that do ? how be we go to get any point back if we ca n't win at Quidditch ? " but even Quidditch have lose its fun . the rest of the team would n't speak to Harry during practice , and if they have to speak about him , they call him " the Seeker . " Hermione and Neville be suffer , too . they do n't have as bad a time as Harry , because they be n't as well-known , but nobody would speak to them , either . Hermione have stop draw attention to herself in class , keep her head down and work in silence . Harry be almost glad that the exam be n't far away . all the study he have to do keep his mind off his misery . he , Ron , and Hermione keep to themselves , work late into the night , try to remember the ingredient in complicated potion , learn charm and spell by heart , memorize the date of magical discovery and goblin rebellion ... then , about a week before the exam be due to start , Harry 's new resolution not to interfere in anything that do n't concern him be put to an unexpected test . walk back from the library on his own one afternoon , he hear somebody whimpering from a classroom up ahead . as he draw closer , he hear Quirrell 's voice . " no -- no -- not again , please - " it sound as though someone be threaten him . Harry move closer . " all right -- all right - " he hear Quirrell sob . next second , Quirrell come hurry out of the classroom straighten his turban . he be pale and look as though he be about to cry . he stride out of sight ; Harry do n't think Quirrell have even notice him . he wait until Quirrell 's footstep have disappear , then peer into the classroom . it be empty , but a door stand ajar at the other end . Harry be halfway toward it before he remember what he have promise himself about not meddle . all the same , he will have gamble twelve Sorcerer 's Stones that Snape have just leave the room , and from what Harry have just hear , Snape would be walk with a new spring in his step -- Quirrell seem to have give in at last . Harry go back to the library , where Hermione be test Ron on Astronomy . Harry tell them what he have hear . " Snape have do it , then ! " say Ron . " if Quirrell 's tell him how to break his Anti-Dark Force spell - " " there be still fluffy , though , " say Hermione . " maybe Snape be find out how to get past him without ask Hagrid , " say Ron , look up at the thousand of book surround them . " I bet there be a book somewhere in here tell you how to get past a giant three-headed dog . so what do we do , Harry ? " the light of adventure be kindle again in Ron 's eye , but Hermione answer before Harry could . " go to Dumbledore . that be what we should have do age ago . if we try anything ourselves we will be throw out for sure . " " but we have get no proof ! " say Harry . " Quirrell 's too scare to back us up . Snape 's only get to say he do n't know how the troll get in at Halloween and that he be nowhere near the third floor -- who do you think they will believe , him or us ? it be not exactly a secret we hate him , Dumbledore will think we make it up to get him sack . filch would n't help us if his life depend on it , he be too friendly with Snape , and the more student get throw out , the good , he will think . and do n't forget , we be not suppose to know about the Stone or Fluffy . that will take a lot of explain . " Hermione look convince , but Ron do n't . " if we just do a bit of poke around - " " no , " say Harry flatly , " we have do enough poke around . " he pull a map of Jupiter toward him and start to learn the name of its moon . the follow morning , note be deliver to Harry , Hermione , and Neville at the breakfast table . they be all the same : your detention will take place at eleven o'clock tonight . Meet Mr. Filch in the entrance hall . Professor McGonagall Harry have forget they still have detention to do in the furor over the point they have lose . he half expect Hermione to complain that this be a whole night of study lose , but she do n't say a word . like Harry , she feel they deserve what they have get . at eleven o'clock that night , they say good-bye to Ron in the common room and go down to the entrance hall with Neville . filch be already there -- and so be Malfoy . Harry have also forget that Malfoy have get a detention , too . " follow me , " say Filch , light a lamp and lead them outside . " I bet you will think twice about break a school rule again , wo n't you , eh ? " he say , leer at them . " oh yes ... hard work and pain be the good teacher if you ask me ... it be just a pity they let the old punishment die out ... hang you by your wrist from the ceiling for a few day , I have get the chain still in my office , keep ' em well oil in case they be ever need ... right , off we go , and do n't think of run off , now , it will be bad for you if you do . " they march off across the dark ground . Neville keep sniff . Harry wonder what their punishment be go to be . it must be something really horrible , or Filch would n't be sound so delighted . the moon be bright , but cloud scud across it keep throw them into darkness . ahead , Harry could see the lighted window of Hagrid 's hut . then they hear a distant shout . " be that you , Filch ? hurry up , I want ter get start . " Harry 's heart rise ; if they be go to be work with Hagrid it would n't be so bad . his relief must have show in his face , because Filch say , " I suppose you think you will be enjoy yourself with that oaf ? well , think again , boy -- it be into the forest you be go and I be much mistaken if you will all come out in one piece . " at this , Neville let out a little moan , and Malfoy stop dead in his track . " the forest ? " he repeat , and he do n't sound quite as cool as usual . " we ca n't go in there at night -- there be all sort of thing in there -- werewolf , I hear . " Neville clutch the sleeve of Harry 's robe and make a choke noise . " that be your problem , be n't it ? " say Filch , his voice crack with glee . " should have think of them werewolf before you get in trouble , should n't you ? " Hagrid come stride toward them out of the dark , Fang at his heel . he be carry his large crossbow , and a quiver of arrow hang over his shoulder . " Abou ' time , " he say . " I bin waitin ' fer half an hour already . all right , Harry , Hermione ? " " I should n't be too friendly to them , Hagrid , " say Filch coldly , " they be here to be punish , after all . " " that be why yer late , be it ? " say Hagrid , frown at Filch . " Bin lecturin ' them , eh ? ' Snot your place ter do that . Yeh have do yer bit , I will take over from here . " " I will be back at dawn , " say Filch , " for what be leave of them , " he add nastily , and he turn and start back toward the castle , his lamp bob away in the darkness . Malfoy now turn to Hagrid . " I be not go in that forest , " he say , and Harry be please to hear the note of panic in his voice . " Yeh be if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts , " say Hagrid fiercely . " Yeh have do wrong an ' now yeh have get ter pay fer it . " " but this be servant stuff , it be not for student to do . I think we will be copy line or something , if my father know I be do this , he will - " " - tell yer that be how it be at Hogwarts , " Hagrid growl . " Copyin ' line ! what good be that ter anyone ? Yeh will do summat useful or yeh will get out . if yeh think yer father will rather you be expel , then get back off ter the castle an ' pack . go on . " Malfoy do n't move . he look at Hagrid furiously , but then drop his gaze . " right then , " say Hagrid , " now , listen carefully , ' cause it be dangerous what we be gonna do tonight , an ' I don ' want no one takin ' risk . follow me over here a moment . " he lead them to the very edge of the forest . hold his lamp up high , he point down a narrow , wind earth track that disappear into the thick black tree . a light breeze lift their hair as they look into the forest . " look there , " say Hagrid , " see that stuff shinin ' on the ground ? silvery stuff ? that be unicorn blood . there be a unicorn in there bin hurt badly by summat . this be the second time in a week . I find one dead last Wednesday . we be gonna try an ' find the poor thing . we might have ter put it out of its misery . " " and what if whatever hurt the unicorn find us first ? " say Malfoy , unable to keep the fear out of his voice . " there be nothin ' that live in the forest that will hurt yeh if yer with me or Fang , " say Hagrid . " an ' keep ter the path . right , now , we be gonna split inter two party an ' follow the trail in diff'rent direction . there be blood all over the place , it must have bin staggerin ' around since last night at least . " " I want Fang , " say Malfoy quickly , look at Fang 's long tooth . " all right , but I warn yeh , he be a coward , " say Hagrid . " so me , Harry , an ' Hermione will go one way an ' Draco , Neville , an ' Fang will go the other . now , if any of us find the unicorn , we will send up green spark , right ? get yer wand out an ' practice now -- that be it -- an ' if anyone get in trouble , send up red spark , an ' we will all come an ' find yeh -- so , be careful -- let be go . " the forest be black and silent . a little way into it they reach a fork in the earth path , and Harry , Hermione , and Hagrid take the leave path while Malfoy , Neville , and Fang take the right . they walk in silence , their eye on the ground . every now and then a ray of moonlight through the branch above light a spot of silver-blue blood on the fall leaf . Harry see that Hagrid look very worry . " could a werewolf be kill the unicorn ? " Harry ask . " not fast enough , " say Hagrid . " it be not easy ter catch a unicorn , they be powerful magic creature . I never know one ter be hurt before . " they walk past a mossy tree stump . Harry could hear run water ; there must be a stream somewhere close by . there be still spot of unicorn blood here and there along the wind path . " you all right , Hermione ? " Hagrid whisper . " Don ' worry , it ca n't have go far if it be this badly hurt , an ' then we will be able ter -- GET BEHIND THAT TREE ! " Hagrid seize Harry and Hermione and hoist them off the path behind a towering oak . he pull out an arrow and fit it into his crossbow , raise it , ready to fire . the three of them listen . something be slither over dead leaf nearby : it sound like a cloak trail along the ground . Hagrid be squint up the dark path , but after a few second , the sound fade away . " I know it , " he murmur . " there be summat in here that shouldn ' be . " " a werewolf ? " Harry suggest . " that wasn ' no werewolf an ' it wasn ' no unicorn , neither , " say Hagrid grimly . " right , follow me , but careful , now . " they walk more slowly , ear strain for the faint sound . suddenly , in a clearing ahead , something definitely move . " who be there ? " Hagrid call . " show yerself -- I be arm ! " and into the clearing come -- be it a man , or a horse ? to the waist , a man , with red hair and beard , but below that be a horse 's gleam chestnut body with a long , reddish tail . Harry and Hermione 's jaw drop . " oh , it be you , Ronan , " say Hagrid in relief . " how be yeh ? " he walk forward and shake the centaur 's hand . " good evening to you , Hagrid , " say Ronan . he have a deep , sorrowful voice . " be you go to shoot me ? " " can n't be too careful , Ronan , " say Hagrid , pat his crossbow . " there be summat bad loose in this forest . this be Harry Potter an ' Hermione Granger , by the way . student up at the school . an ' this be Ronan , you two . he be a centaur . " we have notice , " say Hermione faintly . " good evening , " say Ronan . " student , be you ? and do you learn much , up at the school ? " " erm - " " a bit , " say Hermione timidly . " a bit . well , that be something . " Ronan sigh . he fling back his head and stare at the sky . " Mars be bright tonight . " " yeah , " say Hagrid , glance up , too . " listen , I be glad we have run inter Yeh , Ronan , ' cause there be a unicorn bin hurt -- you see anythin ' ? " Ronan do n't answer immediately . he stare unblinkingly upward , then sigh again . " always the innocent be the first victim , " he say . " so it have be for age past , so it be now . " " yeah , " say Hagrid , " but have yeh see anythin ' Ronan ? Anythin ' unusual ? " " Mars be bright tonight , " Ronan repeat , while Hagrid watch him impatiently . " unusually bright . " " yeah , but I be meanin ' anythin ' unusual a bit near home , " say Hagrid . " so yeh have n't notice anythin ' strange ? " yet again , Ronan take a while to answer . at last , he say , " the forest hide many secret . " a movement in the tree behind Ronan make Hagrid raise his bow again , but it be only a second centaur , black-haired and - body and wilder-looking than Ronan . " Hullo , Bane , " say Hagrid . " all right ? " " good evening , Hagrid , I hope you be well ? " " well enough . look , I have jus ' bin askin ' Ronan , you see anythin ' odd in here lately ? there be a unicorn bin injure -- would yeh know anythin ' about it ? " Bane walk over to stand next to Ronan . he look skyward . " Mars be bright tonight , " he say simply . " we have hear , " say Hagrid grumpily . " well , if either of you do see anythin ' , let me know , wo n't yeh ? we will be off , then . " Harry and Hermione follow him out of the clearing , stare over their shoulder at Ronan and Bane until the tree block their view . " never , " say Hagrid irritably , " try an ' get a straight answer out of a centaur . ruddy stargazer . not interested in anythin ' closer'n the moon . " " be there many of them in here ? " ask Hermione . " oh , a fair few ... keep themselves to themselves mostly , but they be good enough about turnin ' up if ever I want a word . they be deep , mind , centaur ... they know thing ... jus ' don ' let on much . " " D'you think that be a centaur we hear earlier ? " say Harry . " do that sound like hoof to you ? Nah , if yeh ask me , that be what 's bin killin ' the unicorn - never hear anythin ' like it before . " they walk on through the dense , dark tree . Harry keep look nervously over his shoulder . he have the nasty feeling they be be watch . he be very glad they have Hagrid and his crossbow with them . they have just pass a bend in the path when Hermione grab Hagrid 's arm . " Hagrid ! look ! Red spark , the other be in trouble ! " " you two wait here ! " Hagrid shout . " stay on the path , I will come back for Yeh ! " they hear him crash away through the undergrowth and stand look at each other , very scare , until they could n't hear anything but the rustle of leaf around them . " you do n't think they have be hurt , do you ? " whisper Hermione . " I do n't care if Malfoy have , but if something 's get Neville ... it be our fault he be here in the first place . " the minute drag by . their ear seem sharp than usual . Harry be seem to be pick up every sigh of the wind , every crack twig . what be go on ? where be the other ? at last , a great crunch noise announce Hagrid 's return . Malfoy , Neville , and Fang be with him . Hagrid be fume . Malfoy , it seem , have sneak up behind Neville and grab him as a joke . Neville have panic and send up the spark . " we will be lucky ter catch anythin ' now , with the racket you two be Makin ' . right , we be changin ' group -- Neville , you stay with me an ' Hermione , Harry , you go with Fang an ' this idiot . I be sorry , " Hagrid add in a whisper to Harry , " but he will have a hard time frightenin ' you , an ' we have gotta get this do . " so Harry set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and Fang . they walk for nearly half an hour , deep and deep into the forest , until the path become almost impossible to follow because the tree be so thick . Harry think the blood seem to be get thick . there be splash on the root of a tree , as though the poor creature have be thrash around in pain close by . Harry could see a clearing ahead , through the tangled branch of an ancient oak . " look - " he murmur , hold out his arm to stop Malfoy . something bright white be gleam on the ground . they inch closer . it be the unicorn all right , and it be dead . Harry have never see anything so beautiful and sad . its long , slender leg be stick out at odd angle where it have fall and its mane be spread pearly-white on the dark leaf . Harry have take one step toward it when a slither sound make him freeze where he stand . a bush on the edge of the clearing quiver ... then , out of the shadow , a hooded figure come crawl across the ground like some stalk beast . Harry , Malfoy , and Fang stand transfix . the cloak figure reach the unicorn , lower its head over the wound in the animal 's side , and begin to drink its blood . " AAAAAAAAAARGH ! " Malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolt -- so do Fang . the hooded figure raise its head and look right at Harry -- unicorn blood be dribble down its front . it get to its foot and come swiftly toward Harry -- he could n't move for fear . then a pain like he have never feel before pierce his head ; it be as though his scar be on fire . half blind , he stagger backward . he hear hoof behind him , gallop , and something jump clean over Harry , charge at the figure . the pain in Harry 's head be so bad he fall to his knee . it take a minute or two to pass . when he look up , the figure have go . a centaur be stand over him , not Ronan or Bane ; this one look young ; he have white-blond hair and a palomino body . " be you all right ? " say the centaur , pull Harry to his foot . " yes -- thank you -- what be that ? " the centaur do n't answer . he have astonishingly blue eye , like pale sapphire . he look carefully at Harry , his eye linger on the scar that stand out , livid , on Harry 's forehead . " you be the Potter boy , " he say . " you have well get back to Hagrid . the forest be not safe at this time -- especially for you . can you ride ? it will be quicker this way . " my name be Firenze , " he add , as he lower himself on to his front leg so that Harry could clamber onto his back . there be suddenly a sound of more gallop from the other side of the clearing . Ronan and Bane come burst through the tree , their flank heave and sweaty . " Firenze ! " Bane thunder . " what be you do ? you have a human on your back ! have you no shame ? be you a common mule ? " " do you realize who this be ? " say Firenze . " this be the Potter boy . the quick he leave this forest , the well . " " what have you be tell him ? " growl Bane . " remember , Firenze , we be swear not to set ourselves against the heaven . have we not read what be to come in the movement of the planet ? " Ronan paw the ground nervously . " I be sure Firenze think he be act for the good , " he say in his gloomy voice . Bane kick his back leg in anger . " for the good ! what be that to do with us ? centaur be concern with what have be foretell ! it be not our business to run around like donkey after stray human in our forest ! " Firenze suddenly rear on to his hind leg in anger , so that Harry have to grab his shoulder to stay on . " do you not see that unicorn ? " Firenze bellow at Bane . " do you not understand why it be kill ? or have the planet not let you in on that secret ? I set myself against what be lurk in this forest , Bane , yes , with human alongside me if I must . " and Firenze whisk around ; with Harry clutch on as good he could , they plunge off into the tree , leave Ronan and Bane behind them . Harry do n't have a clue what be go on . " why be Bane so angry ? " he ask . " what be that thing you save me from , anyway ? " Firenze slow to a walk , warn Harry to keep his head bow in case of low-hanging branch , but do not answer Harry 's question . they make their way through the tree in silence for so long that Harry think Firenze do n't want to talk to him anymore . they be pass through a particularly dense patch of tree , however , when Firenze suddenly stop . " Harry Potter , do you know what unicorn blood be use for ? " " no , " say Harry , startle by the odd question . " we have only use the horn and tail hair in potion . " " that be because it be a monstrous thing , to slay a unicorn , " say Firenze . " only one who have nothing to lose , and everything to gain , would commit such a crime . the blood of a unicorn will keep you alive , even if you be an inch from death , but at a terrible price . you have slay something pure and defenseless to save yourself , and you will have but a half-life , a cursed life , from the moment the blood touch your lip . " Harry stare at the back of Firenze 's head , which be dapple silver in the moonlight . " but who will be that desperate ? " he wonder aloud . " if you be go to be curse forever , death be good , be n't it ? " " it be , " Firenze agree , " unless all you need be to stay alive long enough to drink something else -- something that will bring you back to full strength and power -- something that will mean you can never die . Mr. Potter , do you know what be hide in the school at this very moment ? " " the Sorcerer 's Stone ! of course -- the Elixir of Life ! but I do n't understand who - " " can you think of nobody who have wait many year to return to power , who have cling to life , await their chance ? " it be as though an iron fist have clench suddenly around Harry 's heart . over the rustle of the tree , he seem to hear once more what Hagrid have tell him on the night they have meet : " some say he die . codswallop , in my opinion . dunno if he have enough human left in him to die . " " do you mean , " Harry croak , " that be Vol " " Harry ! Harry , be you all right ? " Hermione be run toward them down the path , Hagrid puff along behind her . " I be fine , " say Harry , hardly know what he be say . " the unicorn 's dead , Hagrid , it be in that clearing back there . " " this be where I leave you , " Firenze murmur as Hagrid hurry off to examine the unicorn . " you be safe now . " Harry slide off his back . " good luck , Harry Potter , " say Firenze . " the planet have be read wrongly before now , even by centaur . I hope this be one of those time . " he turn and canter back into the depth of the forest , leave Harry shiver behind him . Ron have fall asleep in the dark common room , wait for them to return . he shout something about Quidditch foul when Harry roughly shake him awake . in a matter of second , though , he be wide-eyed as Harry begin to tell him and Hermione what have happen in the forest . Harry could n't sit down . he pace up and down in front of the fire . he be still shake . " Snape want the stone for Voldemort ... and Voldemort be wait in the forest ... and all this time we think Snape just want to get rich ... " " Stop say the name ! " say Ron in a terrify whisper , as if he think Voldemort could hear them . Harry be n't listen . " Firenze save me , but he should n't have do so ... Bane be furious ... he be talk about interfere with what the planet say be go to happen ... they must show that Voldemort be come back ... Bane think Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me ... I suppose that be write in the star as well . " " will you stop say the name ! " Ron hiss . " so all I have get to wait for now be Snape to steal the Stone , " Harry go on feverishly , " then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off ... well , I suppose Bane will be happy . " Hermione look very frightened , but she have a word of comfort . " Harry , everyone say Dumbledore be the only one You-Know-Who be ever afraid of , with Dumbledore around , You-Know-Who wo n't touch you . anyway , who say the centaur be right ? it sound like fortune-telling to me , and Professor McGonagall say that be a very imprecise branch of magic . " the sky have turn light before they stop talk . they go to bed exhaust , their throat sore . but the night 's surprise be n't over . when Harry pull back his sheet , he find his invisibility cloak fold neatly underneath them . there be a note pin to it : just in case .