chapter SIXTEEN through the trapdoor in year to come , Harry would never quite remember how he have manage to get through his exam when he half expect Voldemort to come burst through the door at any moment . yet the day creep by , and there could be no doubt that Fluffy be still alive and well behind the locked door . it be swelter hot , especially in the large classroom where they do their written paper . they have be give special , new quill for the exam , which have be bewitch with an Anticheating spell . they have practical exam as well . Professor Flitwick call them one by one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tapdance across a desk . Professor McGonagall watch them turn a mouse into a snuffbox -- point be give for how pretty the snuffbox be , but take away if it have whisker . Snape make them all nervous , breathe down their neck while they try to remember how to make a forgetfulness potion . Harry do the good he could , try to ignore the stab pain in his forehead , which have be bother him ever since his trip into the forest . Neville think Harry have a bad case of exam nerve because Harry could n't sleep , but the truth be that Harry keep be wake by his old nightmare , except that it be now bad than ever because there be a hooded figure drip blood in it . maybe it be because they have n't see what Harry have see in the forest , or because they do n't have scar burn on their forehead , but Ron and Hermione do n't seem as worried about the Stone as Harry . the idea of Voldemort certainly scare them , but he do n't keep visit them in dream , and they be so busy with their study they do n't have much time to fret about what Snape or anyone else might be up to . their very last exam be history of Magic . one hour of answer question about batty old wizard who have invent selfstirring cauldron and they will be free , free for a whole wonderful week until their exam result come out . when the ghost of Professor Binns tell them to put down their quill and roll up their parchment , Harry could n't help cheer with the rest . " that be far easy than I think it would be , " say Hermione as they join the crowd flock out onto the sunny ground . " I need n't have learn about the @card@ Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of Elfric the Eager . " Hermione always like to go through their exam paper afterward , but Ron say this make him feel ill , so they wander down to the lake and flop under a tree . the Weasley twin and Lee Jordan be tickle the tentacle of a giant squid , which be bask in the warm shallow . " no more study , " Ron sigh happily , stretch out on the grass . " you could look more cheerful , Harry , we have get a week before we find out how badly we have do , there be no need to worry yet . " Harry be rub his forehead . " I wish I know what this mean ! " he burst out angrily . " my scar keep hurt -- it be happen before , but never as often as this . " " go to Madam Pomfrey , " Hermione suggest . " I be not ill , " say Harry . " I think it be a warning ... it mean danger be come ... " Ron could n't get work up , it be too hot . " Harry , relax , Hermione 's right , the Stone be safe as long as Dumbledore 's around . anyway , we have never have any proof Snape find out how to get past Fluffy . he nearly have his leg rip off once , he be not go to try it again in a hurry . and Neville will play Quidditch for England before Hagrid let Dumbledore down . " Harry nod , but he could n't shake off a lurk feeling that there be something he have forget to do , something important . when he try to explain this , Hermione say , " that be just the exam . I wake up last night and be halfway through my transfiguration note before I remember we have do that one . " Harry be quite sure the unsettled feeling do n't have anything to do with work , though . he watch an owl flutter toward the school across the bright blue sky , a note clamp in its mouth . Hagrid be the only one who ever send him letter . Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore . Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy ... never ... but ... Harry suddenly jump to his foot . " where be you go ? " say Ron sleepily . " I have just think of something , " say Harry . he have turn white . " we have get to go and see Hagrid , now . " " why ? " pant Hermione , hurry to keep up . " do n't you think it be a bit odd , " say Harry , scramble up the grassy slope , " that what Hagrid want more than anything else be a dragon , and a stranger turn up who just happen to have an egg in his pocket ? how many people wander around with dragon egg if it be against wizard law ? Lucky they find Hagrid , do n't you think ? why do n't I see it before ? " " what be you talk about ? " say Ron , but Harry , sprint across the ground toward the forest , do n't answer . Hagrid be sit in an armchair outside his house ; his trouser and sleeve be roll up , and he be shell pea into a large bowl . " Hullo , " he say , smile . " finished yer exam ? get time fer a drink ? " " yes , please , " say Ron , but Harry cut him off . " no , we be in a hurry . Hagrid , I have get to ask you something . you know that night you win Norbert ? what do the stranger you be play card with look like ? " " dunno , " say Hagrid casually , " he wouldn ' take his cloak off . " he see the three of them look stun and raise his eyebrow . " it be not that unusual , yeh get a lot o ' funny folk in the Hog 's Head -- that be one of the pub down in the village . Mighta bin a dragon dealer , mightn ' he ? I never see his face , he keep his hood up . " Harry sink down next to the bowl of pea . " what do you talk to him about , Hagrid ? do you mention Hogwarts at all ? " " Mighta come up , " say Hagrid , frown as he try to remember . " yeah ... he ask what I do , an ' I tell him I be gamekeeper here ... he ask a bit about the sorta creature I take after ... so I tell him ... an ' I say what I will always really want be a dragon ... an ' then ... I can ' remember too well , ' cause he keep buyin ' me drink ... let be see ... yeah , then he say he have the dragon egg an ' we could play card fer it if I want ... but he have ter be sure I could handle it , he didn ' want it ter go ter any old home ... so I tell him , after Fluffy , a dragon would be easy ... " " and do he -- do he seem interested in Fluffy ? " Harry ask , try to keep his voice calm . " well -- yeah -- how many three-headed dog d'yeh meet , even around Hogwarts ? so I tell him , Fluffy be a piece o ' cake if yeh know how to calm him down , jus ' play him a bit o ' music an ' he will go straight off ter sleep - " Hagrid suddenly look horrify . " I shouldn'ta tell yeh that ! " he blurt out . " forget I say it ! hey -- where be yeh goin ' ? " Harry , Ron , and Hermione do n't speak to each other at all until they come to a halt in the entrance hall , which seem very cold and gloomy after the ground . " we have get to go to Dumbledore , " say Harry . " Hagrid tell that stranger how to get past Fluffy , and it be either Snape or Voldemort under that cloak -- it must have be easy , once he have get Hagrid drunk . I just hope Dumbledore believe us . Firenze might back us up if Bane do n't stop him . where be Dumbledore 's office ? " they look around , as if hope to see a sign point them in the right direction . they have never be tell where Dumbledore live , nor do they know anyone who have be send to see him . " we will just have to - " Harry begin , but a voice suddenly ring across the hall . " what be you three do inside ? " it be Professor McGonagall , carry a large pile of book . " we want to see Professor Dumbledore , " say Hermione , rather bravely , Harry and Ron think . " see Professor Dumbledore ? " Professor McGonagall repeat , as though this be a very fishy thing to want to do . " why ? " Harry swallow -- now what ? " it be sort of secret , " he say , but he wish at once he have n't , because Professor McGonagall 's nostril flare . " Professor Dumbledore leave ten minute ago , " she say coldly . " he receive an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and fly off for London at once . " " he be go ? " say Harry frantically . " now ? " " Professor Dumbledore be a very great wizard , Potter , he have many demand on his time - " " but this be important . " " something you have to say be more important than the Ministry of Magic , Potter ? " " look , " say Harry , throw caution to the wind , " Professor -- it be about the Sorcerer 's Stone - " whatever Professor McGonagall have expect , it be n't that . the book she be carry tumble out of her arm , but she do n't pick them up . " how do you know - ? " she splutter . " professor , I think -- I know -- that Sn - that someone be go to try and steal the Stone . I have get to talk to Professor Dumbledore . " she eye him with a mixture of shock and suspicion . " Professor Dumbledore will be back tomorrow , " she say finally . " I do n't know how you find out about the Stone , but rest assured , no one can possibly steal it , it be too well protect . " " but Professor - " " Potter , I know what I be talk about , " she say shortly . she bend down and gather up the fall book . " I suggest you all go back outside and enjoy the sunshine . " but they do n't . " it be tonight , " say Harry , once he be sure Professor McGonagall be out of earshot . " Snape be go through the trapdoor tonight . he be find out everything he need , and now he have get Dumbledore out of the way . he send that note , I bet the Ministry of Magic will get a real shock when Dumbledore turn up . " " but what can we - " Hermione gasp . Harry and Ron wheeled round . Snape be stand there . " good afternoon , " he say smoothly . they stare at him . " you should n't be inside on a day like this , " he say , with an odd , twisted smile . " we be - " Harry begin , without any idea what he be go to say . " you want to be more careful , " say Snape . " hang around like this , people will think you be up to something . and Gryffindor really ca n't afford to lose any more point , can it ? " Harry flush . they turn to go outside , but Snape call them back . " be warn , Potter -- any more nighttime wandering and I will personally make sure you be expel . good day to you . " he stride off in the direction of the staffroom . out on the stone step , Harry turn to the other . " right , here be what we have get to do , " he whisper urgently . " one of us have get to keep an eye on Snape -- wait outside the staff room and follow him if he leave it . Hermione , you will well do that . " " why me ? " " it be obvious , " say Ron . " you can pretend to be wait for Professor Flitwick , you know . " he put on a high voice , " ' Oh Professor Flitwick , I be so worry , I think I get question fourteen b wrong ... ' " " oh , shut up , " say Hermione , but she agree to go and watch out for Snape . " and we will well stay outside the third-floor corridor , " Harry tell Ron . " come on . " but that part of the plan do n't work . no sooner have they reach the door separate Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor McGonagall turn up again and this time , she lose her temper . " I suppose you think you be hard to get past than a pack of enchantment ! " she storm . " enough of this nonsense ! if I hear you have come anywhere near here again , I will take another fifty point from Gryffindor ! yes , Weasley , from my own house ! " Harry and Ron go back to the common room , Harry have just say , " at least Hermione 's on Snape 's tail , " when the portrait of the Fat Lady swing open and Hermione come in . " I be sorry , Harry ! " she wail . " Snape come out and ask me what I be do , so I say I be wait for Flitwick , and Snape go to get him , and I have only just get away , I do n't know where Snape go . " " well , that be it then , be n't it ? " Harry say . the other two stare at him . he be pale and his eye be glitter . " I be go out of here tonight and I be go to try and get to the Stone first . " " you be mad ! " say Ron . " you ca n't ! " say Hermione . " after what McGonagall and Snape have say ? you will be expel ! " " so what " Harry shout . " do n't you understand ? if Snape get hold of the Stone , Voldemort be come back ! have n't you hear what it be like when he be try to take over ? there wo n't be any Hogwarts to get expel from ! he will flatten it , or turn it into a school for the Dark Arts ! lose point do n't matter anymore , ca n't you see ? D'you think he will leave you and your family alone if Gryffindor win the house cup ? if I get catch before I can get to the Stone , well , I will have to go back to the Dursley and wait for Voldemort to find me there , it be only die a bit later than I would have , because I be never go over to the dark side ! I be go through that trapdoor tonight and nothing you two say be go to stop me ! Voldemort kill my parent , remember ? " he glare at them . " you be right Harry , " say Hermione in a small voice . " I will use the invisibility cloak , " say Harry . " it be just lucky I get it back . " " but will it cover all three of us ? " say Ron . " all -- all three of us ? " " oh , come off it , you do n't think we will let you go alone ? " " of course not , " say Hermione briskly . " how do you think you will get to the Stone without us ? I will well go and look through my book , there might be something useful ... " " but if we get catch , you two will be expel , too . " " not if I can help it , " say Hermione grimly . " Flitwick tell me in secret that I get a hundred and twelve percent on his exam . they be not throw me out after that . " after dinner the three of them sit nervously apart in the common room . nobody bother them ; none of the Gryffindors have anything to say to Harry any more , after all . this be the first night he have n't be upset by it . Hermione be skim through all her note , hope to come across one of the enchantment they be about to try to break . Harry and Ron do n't talk much . both of them be think about what they be about to do . slowly , the room empty as people drift off to bed . " well get the cloak , " Ron mutter , as Lee Jordan finally leave , stretch and yawn . Harry run upstairs to their dark dormitory . he pull out the cloak and then his eye fall on the flute Hagrid have give him for Christmas . he pocket it to use on Fluffy -- he do n't feel much like singing . he run back down to the common room . " we will well put the cloak on here , and make sure it cover all three of us - if Filch spot one of our foot wander along on its own - " " what be you do ? " say a voice from the corner of the room . Neville appear from behind an armchair , clutch Trevor the toad , who look as though he have be make another bid for freedom . " nothing , Neville , nothing , " say Harry , hurriedly put the cloak behind his back . Neville stare at their guilty face . " you be go out again , " he say . " no , no , no , " say Hermione . " no , we be not . why do n't you go to bed , Neville ? " Harry look at the grandfather clock by the door . they could n't afford to waste any more time , Snape might even now be play Fluffy to sleep . " you ca n't go out , " say Neville , " you will be catch again . Gryffindor will be in even more trouble . " " you do n't understand , " say Harry , " this be important . " but Neville be clearly steel himself to do something desperate . " I wo n't let you do it , " he say , hurry to stand in front of the portrait hole . " I will -- I will fight you ! " " Neville , " Ron explode , " get away from that hole and do n't be an idiot - " " do n't you call me an idiot ! " say Neville . " I do n't think you should be break any more rule ! and you be the one who tell me to stand up to people ! " " yes , but not to us , " say Ron in exasperation . " Neville , you do n't know what you be do . " he take a step forward and Neville drop Trevor the toad , who leap out of sight . " go on then , try and hit me ! " say Neville , raise his fist . " I be ready ! " Harry turn to Hermione . " do something , " he say desperately . Hermione step forward . " Neville , " she say , " I be really , really sorry about this . " she raise her wand . " Petrificus Totalus ! " she cry , point it at Neville . Neville 's arm snap to his side . his leg spring together . his whole body rigid , he sway where he stand and then fall flat on his face , stiff as a board . Hermione run to turn him over . Neville 's jaw be jam together so he could n't speak . only his eye be move , look at them in horror . " what have you do to him ? " Harry whisper . " it be the full Body-Bind , " say Hermione miserably . " oh , Neville , I be so sorry . " " we have to , Neville , no time to explain , " say Harry . " you will understand later , Neville , " say Ron as they step over him and pull on the invisibility cloak . but leave Neville lie motionless on the floor do n't feel like a very good omen . in their nervous state , every statue 's shadow look like Filch , every distant breath of wind sound like Peeves swoop down on them . at the foot of the first set of stair , they spot Mrs. Norris skulk near the top . " oh , let be kick her , just this once , " Ron whisper in Harry 's ear , but Harry shake his head . as they climb carefully around her , Mrs. Norris turn her lamplike eye on them , but do n't do anything . they do n't meet anyone else until they reach the staircase up to the third floor . peeve be bob halfway up , loosen the carpet so that people would trip . " who be there ? " he say suddenly as they climb toward him . he narrow his wicked black eye . " know you be there , even if I ca n't see you . be you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie ? " he rise up in the air and float there , squint at them . " should call Filch , I should , if something be a-creeping around unseen . " Harry have a sudden idea . " peeve , " he say , in a hoarse whisper , " the Bloody Baron have his own reason for be invisible . " peeve almost fall out of the air in shock . he catch himself in time and hover about a foot off the stair . " so sorry , your bloodiness , Mr. Baron , Sir , " he say greasily . " my mistake , my mistake -- I do n't see you -- of course I do n't , you be invisible -- forgive old Peevsie his little joke , sir . " " I have business here , Peeves , " croak Harry . " stay away from this place tonight . " " I will , sir , I most certainly will , " say Peeves , rise up in the air again . " hope your business go well , Baron , I will not bother you . " and he scoot off . " brilliant , Harry ! " whisper Ron . a few second later , they be there , outside the third-floor corridor -- and the door be already ajar . " well , there you be , " Harry say quietly , " Snape 's already get past Fluffy . " see the open door somehow seem to impress upon all three of them what be face them . underneath the cloak , Harry turn to the other two . " if you want to go back , I wo n't blame you , " he say . " you can take the cloak , I wo n't need it now . " " do n't be stupid , " say Ron . " we be come , " say Hermione . Harry push the door open . as the door creak , low , rumble growl meet their ear . all three of the dog 's nose sniff madly in their direction , even though it could n't see them . " what be that at its foot ? " Hermione whisper . " look like a harp , " say Ron . " Snape must have leave it there . " " it must wake up the moment you stop play , " say Harry . " well , here go ... " he put Hagrid 's flute to his lip and blow . it be n't really a tune , but from the first note the beast 's eye begin to droop . Harry hardly draw breath . slowly , the dog 's growl cease -- it totter on its paw and fall to its knee , then it slump to the ground , fast asleep . " keep play , " Ron warn Harry as they slip out of the cloak and creep toward the trapdoor . they could feel the dog 's hot , smelly breath as they approach the giant head . " I think we will be able to pull the door open , " say Ron , peer over the dog 's back . " want to go first , Hermione ? " " no , I do n't ! " " all right . " Ron grit his tooth and step carefully over the dog 's leg . he bend and pull the ring of the trapdoor , which swing up and open . " what can you see ? " Hermione say anxiously . " nothing -- just black -- there be no way of climb down , we will just have to drop . " Harry , who be still play the flute , wave at Ron to get his attention and point at himself . " you want to go first ? be you sure ? " say Ron . " I do n't know how deep this thing go . give the flute to Hermione so she can keep him asleep . " Harry hand the flute over . in the few second ' silence , the dog growl and twitch , but the moment Hermione begin to play , it fall back into its deep sleep . Harry climb over it and look down through the trapdoor . there be no sign of the bottom . he lower himself through the hole until he be hang on by his fingertip . then he look up at Ron and say , " if anything happen to me , do n't follow . go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore , right ? " " right , " say Ron . " see you in a minute , I hope ... " and Harry let go . cold , damp air rush past him as he fall down , down , down and - FLUMP . with a funny , muffle sort of thump he land on something soft . he sit up and feel around , his eye not use to the gloom . it feel as though he be sit on some sort of plant . " it be okay ! " he call up to the light the size of a postage stamp , which be the open trapdoor , " it be a soft landing , you can jump ! " Ron follow right away . he land , sprawl next to Harry . " what be this stuff ? " be his first word . " dunno , some sort of plant thing . I suppose it be here to break the fall . come on , Hermione ! " the distant music stop . there be a loud bark from the dog , but Hermione have already jump . she land on Harry 's other side . " we must be mile under the school , " she say . " Lucky this plant thing be here , really , " say Ron . " lucky ! " shriek Hermione . " look at you both ! " she leap up and struggle toward a damp wall . she have to struggle because the moment she have land , the plant have start to twist snakelike tendril around her ankle . as for Harry and Ron , their leg have already be bind tightly in long creeper without their notice . Hermione have manage to free herself before the plant get a firm grip on her . now she watch in horror as the two boy fight to pull the plant off them , but the more they strain against it , the tight and faster the plant wind around them . " stop move ! " Hermione order them . " I know what this be -- it be Devil 's Snare ! " " oh , I be so glad we know what it be call , that be a great help , " snarl Ron , lean back , try to stop the plant from curl around his neck . " shut up , I be try to remember how to kill it ! " say Hermione . " well , hurry up , I ca n't breathe ! " Harry gasp , wrestle with it as it curl around his chest . " devil 's Snare , Devil 's Snare ... what do Professor Sprout say ? -- it like the dark and the damp . " " so light a fire ! " Harry choke . " yes -- of course -- but there be no wood ! " Hermione cry , wring her hand . " have you gone MAD ? " Ron bellow . " be you a WITCH Or NOT ? " " oh , right ! " say Hermione , and she whip out her wand , wave it , mutter something , and send a jet of the same bluebell flame she have use on Snape at the plant . in a matter of second , the two boy feel it loosen its grip as it cringe away from the light and warmth . wriggle and flail , it unravel itself from their body , and they be able to pull free . " lucky you pay attention in Herbology , Hermione , " say Harry as he join her by the wall , wipe sweat off his face . " yeah , " say Ron , " and lucky Harry do n't lose his head in a crisis -- ' there be no wood , ' honestly . " " this way , " say Harry , point down a stone passageway , which be the only way forward . all they could hear apart from their footstep be the gentle drip of water trickle down the wall . the passageway slope downward , and Harry be remind of Gringotts . with an unpleasant jolt of the heart , he remember the dragon say to be guard vault in the wizard ' bank . if they meet a dragon , a fully-grown dragon -- Norbert have be bad enough ... " can you hear something ? " Ron whisper . Harry listen . a soft rustle and clink seem to be come from up ahead . " do you think it be a ghost ? " " I do n't know ... sound like wing to me . " " there be light ahead -- I can see something moving . " they reach the end of the passageway and see before them a brilliantly light chamber , its ceiling arch high above them . it be full of small , jewel-bright bird , flutter and tumble all around the room . on the opposite side of the chamber be a heavy wooden door . " do you think they will attack us if we cross the room ? " say Ron . " probably , " say Harry . " they do n't look very vicious , but I suppose if they all swoop down at once ... well , there be no other choice ... I will run . " he take a deep breath , cover his face with his arm , and sprint across the room . he expect to feel sharp beak and claw tear at him any second , but nothing happen . he reach the door untouched . he pull the handle , but it be lock . the other two follow him . they tug and heave at the door , but it would n't budge , not even when Hermione try her Alohomora charm . " now what ? " say Ron . " these bird ... they ca n't be here just for decoration , " say Hermione . they watch the bird soar overhead , glitter - glitter ? " they be not bird ! " Harry say suddenly . " they be key ! wing key -- look carefully . so that must mean ... " he look around the chamber while the other two squint up at the flock of key . " ... yes -- look ! broomstick ! we have get to catch the key to the door ! " " but there be hundred of them ! " Ron examine the lock on the door . " we be look for a big , old-fashioned one -- probably silver , like the handle . " they each seize a broomstick and kick off into the air , soar into the midst of the cloud of key . they grab and snatch , but the bewitch key dart and dive so quickly it be almost impossible to catch one . not for nothing , though , be Harry the young seeker in a century . he have a knack for spot thing other people do n't . after a minute be weave about through the whirl of rainbow feather , he notice a large silver key that have a bent wing , as if it have already be catch and stuff roughly into the keyhole . " that one ! " he call to the other . " that big one -- there -- no , there -- with bright blue wing -- the feather be all crumple on one side . " Ron go speed in the direction that Harry be point , crash into the ceiling , and nearly fall off his broom . " we have get to close in on it ! " Harry call , not take his eye off the key with the damaged wing . " Ron , you come at it from above -- Hermione , stay below and stop it from go down and I will try and catch it . right , now ! " Ron dive , Hermione rocket upward , the key dodge them both , and Harry streak after it ; it speed toward the wall , Harry lean forward and with a nasty , crunch noise , pin it against the stone with one hand . Ron and Hermione 's cheer echo around the high chamber . they land quickly , and Harry run to the door , the key struggle in his hand . he ram it into the lock and turn - it work . the moment the lock have click open , the key take flight again , look very batter now that it have be catch twice . " ready ? " Harry ask the other two , his hand on the door handle . they nod . he pull the door open . the next chamber be so dark they could n't see anything at all . but as they step into it , light suddenly flood the room to reveal an astonishing sight . they be stand on the edge of a huge chessboard , behind the black chessman , which be all tall than they be and carve from what look like black stone . face them , way across the chamber , be the white piece . Harry , Ron and Hermione shiver slightly - the towering white chessman have no face . " now what do we do ? " Harry whisper . " it be obvious , be n't it ? " say Ron . " we have get to play our way across the room . " behind the white piece they could see another door . " how ? " say Hermione nervously . " I think , " say Ron , " we be go to have to be chessman . " he walk up to a black knight and put his hand out to touch the knight 's horse . at once , the stone spring to life . the horse paw the ground and the knight turn his helmeted head to look down at Ron . " do we -- er -- have to join you to get across ? " the black knight nod . Ron turn to the other two . " this need think about ... " he say . " I suppose we have get to take the place of three of the black piece ... " Harry and Hermione stay quiet , watch Ron think . finally he say , " now , do n't be offend or anything , but neither of you be that good at chess - " " we be not offend , " say Harry quickly . " just tell us what to do . " " well , Harry , you take the place of that bishop , and Hermione , you go there instead of that castle . " " what about you ? " " I be go to be a knight , " say Ron . the chessman seem to have be listen , because at these word a knight , a bishop , and a castle turn their back on the white piece and walk off the board , leave three empty square that Harry , Ron , and Hermione take . " White always play first in chess , " say Ron , peer across the board . " yes ... look ... " a white pawn have move forward two square . Ron start to direct the black piece . they move silently wherever he send them . Harry 's knee be tremble . what if they lose ? " Harry -- move diagonally four square to the right . " their first real shock come when their other knight be take . the white queen smash him to the floor and drag him off the board , where he lie quite still , facedown . " have to let that happen , " say Ron , look shake . " leave you free to take that bishop , Hermione , go on . " every time one of their man be lose , the white piece show no mercy . soon there be a huddle of limp black player slump along the wall . twice , Ron only just notice in time that Harry and Hermione be in danger . he himself dart around the board , take almost as many white piece as they have lose black one . " we be nearly there , " he mutter suddenly . " let me think -- let me think ... " the white queen turn her blank face toward him . " yes ... " say Ron softly , " it be the only way ... I have get to be take . " " no ! " Harry and Hermione shout . " that be chess ! " snap Ron . " you have get to make some sacrifice ! I make my move and she will take me -- that leave you free to checkmate the king , Harry ! " " but - " " do you want to stop Snape or not ? " " Ron - " " look , if you do n't hurry up , he will already have the Stone ! " there be no alternative . " ready ? " Ron call , his face pale but determine . " here I go -- now , do n't hang around once you have win . " he step forward , and the white queen pounce . she strike Ron hard across the head with her stone arm , and he crash to the floor -- Hermione scream but stay on her square -- the white queen drag Ron to one side . he look as if he have be knock out . shake , Harry move three space to the left . the white king take off his crown and throw it at Harry 's foot . they have win . the chessman part and bow , leave the door ahead clear . with one last desperate look back at Ron , Harry and Hermione charge through the door and up the next passageway . " what if he be - ? " " he will be all right , " say Harry , try to convince himself . " what do you reckon be next ? " " we have have Sprout 's , that be the Devil 's Snare ; Flitwick must have put charm on the key ; McGonagall transfigure the chessman to make them alive ; that leave Quirrell 's spell , and Snape 's . " they have reach another door . " all right ? " Harry whisper . " go on . " Harry push it open . a disgusting smell fill their nostril , make both of them pull their robe up over their nose . eye water , they see , flat on the floor in front of them , a troll even large than the one they have tackle , out cold with a bloody lump on its head . " I be glad we do n't have to fight that one , " Harry whisper as they step carefully over one of its massive leg . " come on , I ca n't breathe . " he pull open the next door , both of them hardly daring to look at what come next - but there be nothing very frightening in here , just a table with seven differently shape bottle stand on it in a line . " Snape 's , " say Harry . " what do we have to do ? " they step over the threshold , and immediately a fire spring up behind them in the doorway . it be n't ordinary fire either ; it be purple . at the same instant , black flame shoot up in the doorway lead onward . they be trap . " look ! " Hermione seize a roll of paper lie next to the bottle . Harry look over her shoulder to read it : danger lie before you , while safety lie behind , Two of us will help you , which ever you would find , one among us seven will let you move ahead , another will transport the drinker back instead , Two among our number hold only nettle wine , three of us be killer , wait bid in line . choose , unless you wish to stay here forevermore , to help you in your choice , we give you these clue four : First , however slyly the poison try to hide you will always find some on nettle wine 's left side ; second , different be those who stand at either end , but if you would move onward , neither be your friend ; Third , as you see clearly , all be different size , Neither dwarf nor giant hold death in their inside ; fourth , the second left and the second on the right be twin once you taste them , though different at first sight . Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry , amaze , see that she be smile , the very last thing he feel like do . " brilliant , " say Hermione . " this be n't magic -- it be logic -- a puzzle . a lot of the great wizard have n't get an ounce of logic , they will be stick in here forever . " " but so will we , wo n't we ? " " of course not , " say Hermione . " everything we need be here on this paper . seven bottle : three are poison ; two are wine ; one will get us safely through the black fire , and one will get us back through the purple . " " but how do we know which to drink ? " " give me a minute . " Hermione read the paper several time . then she walk up and down the line of bottle , mutter to herself and point at them . at last , she clap her hand . " got it , " she say . " the small bottle will get us through the black fire -- toward the Stone . " Harry look at the tiny bottle . " there be only enough there for one of us , " he say . " that be hardly one swallow . " they look at each other . " which one will get you back through the purple flame ? " Hermione point at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line . " you drink that , " say Harry . " no , listen , get back and get Ron . grab broom from the flyingkey room , they will get you out of the trapdoor and past Fluffy -- go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore , we need him . I might be able to hold Snape off for a while , but I be no match for him , really . " " but Harry -- what if You-Know-Who 's with him ? " " well -- I be lucky once , be n't I ? " say Harry , point at his scar . " I might get lucky again . " Hermione 's lip tremble , and she suddenly dash at Harry and throw her arm around him . " Hermione ! " " Harry -- you be a great wizard , you know . " " I be not as good as you , " say Harry , very embarrass , as she let go of him . " me ! " say Hermione . " book ! and cleverness ! there be more important thing -- friendship and bravery and -- oh Harry - be careful ! " " you drink first , " say Harry . " you be sure which be which , be n't you ? " " positive , " say Hermione . she take a long drink from the round bottle at the end , and shudder . " it be not poison ? " say Harry anxiously . " no -- but it be like ice . " " quick , go , before it wear off . " " good luck -- take care . " " go ! " Hermione turn and walk straight through the purple fire . Harry take a deep breath and pick up the small bottle . he turn to face the black flame . " here I come , " he say , and he drain the little bottle in one gulp . it be indeed as though ice be flood his body . he put the bottle down and walk forward ; he brace himself , see the black flame lick his body , but could n't feel them -- for a moment he could see nothing but dark fire -- then he be on the other side , in the last chamber . there be already someone there -- but it be n't Snape . it be n't even Voldemort .