 chapter SEVENTEEN the man with Two Faces it be Quirrell . " you ! " gasp Harry . Quirrell smile . his face be n't twitch at all . " me , " he say calmly . " I wonder whether I will be meet you here , Potter . " " but I think -- Snape - " " Severus ? " Quirrell laugh , and it be n't his usual quiver treble , either , but cold and sharp . " yes , Severus do seem the type , do n't he ? so useful to have him swoop around like an overgrow bat . next to him , who would suspect p-p-poor , st-stuttering P-Professor Quirrell ? " Harry could n't take it in . this could n't be true , it could n't . " but Snape try to kill me ! " " no , no , no . I try to kill you . your friend Miss Granger accidentally knock me over as she rush to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch match . she break my eye contact with you . another few second and I will have get you off that broom . I will have manage it before then if Snape have n't be mutter a countercurse , try to save you . " " Snape be try to save me ? " " of course , " say Quirrell coolly . " why do you think he want to referee your next match ? he be try to make sure I do n't do it again . funny , really ... he need n't have bother . I could n't do anything with Dumbledore watch . all the other teacher think Snape be try to stop Gryffindor from win , he do make himself unpopular ... and what a waste of time , when after all that , I be go to kill you tonight . " Quirrell snap his finger . rope spring out of thin air and wrap themselves tightly around Harry . " you be too nosy to live , Potter . scurry around the school on Halloween like that , for all I know you have see me come to look at what be guard the Stone . " " you let the troll in ? " " certainly . I have a special gift with troll -- you must have see what I do to the one in the chamber back there ? unfortunately , while everyone else be run around look for it , Snape , who already suspect me , go straight to the third floor to head me off -- and not only do my troll fail to beat you to death , that three-headed dog do n't even manage to bite Snape 's leg off properly . " now , wait quietly , Potter . I need to examine this interesting mirror . " it be only then that Harry realize what be stand behind Quirrell . it be the Mirror of Erised . " this mirror be the key to find the Stone , " Quirrell murmur , tap his way around the frame . " Trust Dumbledore to come up with something like this ... but he be in London ... I will be far away by the time he get back ... " all Harry could think of do be to keep Quirrell talk and stop him from concentrate on the mirror . " I see you and Snape in the forest - " he blurt out . " yes , " say Quirrell idly , walk around the mirror to look at the back . " he be on to me by that time , try to find out how far I have get . he suspect me all along . try to frighten me -- as though he could , when I have Lord Voldemort on my side ... " Quirrell come back out from behind the mirror and stare hungrily into it . " I see the Stone ... I be present it to my master ... but where be it ? " Harry struggle against the rope bind him , but they do n't give . he have to keep Quirrell from give his whole attention to the mirror . " but Snape always seem to hate me so much . " " oh , he do , " say Quirrell casually , " heaven , yes . he be at Hogwarts with your father , do n't you know ? they loathe each other . but he never want you dead . " " but I hear you a few day ago , sob -- I think Snape be threaten you ... " for the first time , a spasm of fear flit across Quirrell 's face . " sometimes , " he say , " I find it hard to follow my master 's instruction -- he be a great wizard and I be weak - " " you mean he be there in the classroom with you ? " Harry gasp . " he be with me wherever I go , " say Quirrell quietly . " I meet him when I travel around the world . a foolish young man I be then , full of ridiculous idea about good and evil . Lord Voldemort show me how wrong I be . there be no good and evil , there be only power , and those too weak to seek it ... since then , I have serve him faithfully , although I have let him down many time . he have have to be very hard on me . " Quirrell shiver suddenly . " he do not forgive mistake easily . when I fail to steal the stone from Gringotts , he be most displease . he punish me ... decide he would have to keep a close watch on me ... " Quirrell 's voice trail away . Harry be remember his trip to Diagon Alley -- how could he have be so stupid ? he have see Quirrell there that very day , shake hand with him in the Leaky Cauldron . Quirrell curse under his breath . " I do n't understand ... be the Stone inside the mirror ? should I break it ? " Harry 's mind be race . what I want more than anything else in the world at the moment , he think , be to find the Stone before Quirrell do . so if I look in the mirror , I should see myself find it -- which mean I will see where it be hide ! but how can I look without Quirrell realize what I be up to ? he try to edge to the left , to get in front of the glass without Quirrell notice , but the rope around his ankle be too tight : he trip and fall over . Quirrell ignore him . he be still talk to himself . " what do this mirror do ? how do it work ? help me , Master ! " and to Harry 's horror , a voice answer , and the voice seem to come from Quirrell himself . " use the boy ... use the boy ... " Quirrell round on Harry . " yes -- Potter -- come here . " he clap his hand once , and the rope bind Harry fall off . Harry get slowly to his foot . " come here , " Quirrell repeat . " look in the mirror and tell me what you see . " Harry walk toward him . I must lie , he think desperately . I must look and lie about what I see , that be all . Quirrell move close behind him . Harry breathe in the funny smell that seem to come from Quirrell 's turban . he close his eye , step in front of the mirror , and open them again . he see his reflection , pale and scared-looking at first . but a moment later , the reflection smile at him . it put its hand into its pocket and pull out a blood-red stone . it wink and put the Stone back in its pocket -- and as it do so , Harry feel something heavy drop into his real pocket . somehow -- incredibly - he have get the Stone . " well ? " say Quirrell impatiently . " what do you see ? " Harry screw up his courage . " I see myself shake hand with Dumbledore , " he invent . " I -- I have win the house cup for Gryffindor . " Quirrell curse again . " get out of the way , " he say . as Harry move aside , he feel the Sorcerer 's Stone against his leg . dare he make a break for it ? but he have n't walk five pace before a high voice speak , though Quirrell be n't move his lip . " he lie ... he lie ... " " Potter , come back here ! " Quirrell shout . " tell me the truth ! what do you just see ? " the high voice speak again . " let me speak to him ... face-to-face ... " " Master , you be not strong enough ! " " I have strength enough ... for this ... " Harry feel as if Devil 's Snare be root him to the spot . he could n't move a muscle . petrify , he watch as Quirrell reach up and begin to unwrap his turban . what be go on ? the turban fall away . Quirrell 's head look strangely small without it . then he turn slowly on the spot . Harry would have scream , but he could n't make a sound . where there should have be a back to Quirrell 's head , there be a face , the most terrible face Harry have ever see . it be chalk white with glare red eye and slit for nostril , like a snake . " Harry Potter ... " it whisper . Harry try to take a step backward but his leg would n't move . " see what I have become ? " the face say . " mere shadow and vapor ... I have form only when I can share another be body ... but there have always be those willing to let me into their heart and mind ... Unicorn blood have strengthen me , these past week ... you see faithful Quirrell drink it for me in the forest ... and once I have the Elixir of Life , I will be able to create a body of my own ... now ... why do n't you give me that Stone in your pocket ? " so he know . the feeling suddenly surge back into Harry 's leg . he stumble backward . " do n't be a fool , " snarl the face . " well save your own life and join me ... or you will meet the same end as your parent ... they die beg me for mercy ... " " LIAR ! " Harry shout suddenly . Quirrell be walk backward at him , so that Voldemort could still see him . the evil face be now smile . " how touch ... " it hiss . " I always value bravery ... Yes , boy , your parent be brave ... I kill your father first ; and he put up a courageous fight ... but your mother need n't have die ... she be try to protect you ... now give me the Stone , unless you want her to have die in vain . " " never ! " Harry spring toward the flame door , but Voldemort scream " SEIZE HIM ! " and the next second , Harry feel Quirrell 's hand close on his wrist . at once , a needle-sharp pain sear across Harry 's scar ; his head feel as though it be about to split in two ; he yell , struggle with all his might , and to his surprise , Quirrell let go of him . the pain in his head lessen -- he look around wildly to see where Quirrell have go , and see him hunch in pain , look at his finger -- they be blister before his eye . " seize him ! seize HIM ! " shriek Voldemort again , and Quirrell lunge , knock Harry clean off his foot landing on top of him , both hand around Harry 's neck -- Harry 's scar be almost blind him with pain , yet he could see Quirrell howl in agony . " master , I can hold him -- my hand -- my hand ! " and Quirrell , though pin Harry to the ground with his knee , let go of his neck and stare , bewilder , at his own palm -- Harry could see they look burned , raw , red , and shiny . " then kill him , fool , and be do ! " screech Voldemort . Quirrell raise his hand to perform a deadly curse , but Harry , by instinct , reach up and grab Quirrell 's face - " AAAARGH ! " Quirrell roll off him , his face blister , too , and then Harry know : Quirrell could n't touch his bare skin , not without suffer terrible pain -- his only chance be to keep hold of Quirrell , keep him in enough pain to stop him from do a curse . Harry jump to his foot , catch Quirrell by the arm , and hang on as tight as he could . Quirrell scream and try to throw Harry off -- the pain in Harry 's head be build -- he could n't see -- he could only hear Quirrell 's terrible shriek and Voldemort 's yell of , " Kill HIM ! kill HIM ! " and other voice , maybe in Harry 's own head , cry , " Harry ! Harry ! " he feel Quirrell 's arm wrench from his grasp , know all be lose , and fall into blackness , down ... down ... down ... something gold be glint just above him . the Snitch ! he try to catch it , but his arm be too heavy . he blink . it be n't the Snitch at all . it be a pair of glass . how strange . he blink again . the smile face of Albus Dumbledore swim into view above him . " good afternoon , Harry , " say Dumbledore . Harry stare at him . then he remember : " Sir ! the Stone ! it be Quirrell ! he have get the Stone ! Sir , quick - " " Calm yourself , dear boy , you be a little behind the time , " say Dumbledore . " Quirrell do not have the Stone . " " then who do ? Sir , I - " " Harry , please relax , or Madam Pomfrey will have me throw out . " Harry swallow and look around him . he realize he must be in the hospital wing . he be lie in a bed with white linen sheet , and next to him be a table pile high with what look like half the candy shop . " token from your friend and admirer , " say Dumbledore , beaming . " what happen down in the dungeon between you and Professor Quirrell be a complete secret , so , naturally , the whole school know . I believe your friend Misters Fred and George Weasley be responsible for try to send you a toilet seat . no doubt they think it would amuse you . madam Pomfrey , however , feel it might not be very hygienic , and confiscate it . " " how long have I be in here ? " " three day . Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger will be most relieved you have come round , they have be extremely worry . " " but sir , the Stone - " " I see you be not to be distract . very well , the Stone . Professor Quirrell do not manage to take it from you . I arrive in time to prevent that , although you be do very well on your own , I must say . " " you get there ? you get Hermione 's owl ? " " we must have cross in midair . no sooner have I reach London than it become clear to me that the place I should be be the one I have just leave . I arrive just in time to pull Quirrell off you . " " it be you . " " I fear I might be too late . " " you nearly be , I could n't have keep him off the Stone much longer - " " not the Stone , boy , you -- the effort involve nearly kill you . for one terrible moment there , I be afraid it have . as for the Stone , it have be destroy . " " destroy ? " say Harry blankly . " but your friend -- Nicolas Flamel - " " oh , you know about Nicolas ? " say Dumbledore , sound quite delighted . " you do do the thing properly , do n't you ? well , Nicolas and I have have a little chat , and agree it be all for the good . " " but that mean he and his wife will die , wo n't they ? " " they have enough Elixir store to set their affair in order and then , yes , they will die . " Dumbledore smile at the look of amazement on Harry 's face . " to one as young as you , I be sure it seem incredible , but to Nicolas and Perenelle , it really be like go to bed after a very , very long day . after all , to the well-organized mind , death be but the next great adventure . you know , the Stone be really not such a wonderful thing . as much money and life as you could want ! the two thing most human being would choose above all -- the trouble be , human do have a knack of choose precisely those thing that be bad for them . " Harry lie there , lose for word . Dumbledore hum a little and smile at the ceiling . " Sir ? " say Harry . " I have be think ... sir -- even if the Stone be go , Vol- , I mean , YouKnow-Who - " " call him Voldemort , Harry . always use the proper name for thing . fear of a name increase fear of the thing itself . " " yes , sir . well , Voldemort be go to try other way of come back , be n't he ? I mean , he have n't go , have he ? " " no , Harry , he have not . he be still out there somewhere , perhaps look for another body to share ... not be truly alive , he can be kill . he leave Quirrell to die ; he show just as little mercy to his follower as his enemy . nevertheless , Harry , while you may only have delay his return to power , it will merely take someone else who be prepare to fight what seem a lose battle next time -- and if he be delay again , and again , why , he may never return to power . " Harry nod , but stop quickly , because it make his head hurt . then he say , " Sir , there be some other thing I will like to know , if you can tell me ... thing I want to know the truth about ... " " the truth . " Dumbledore sigh . " it be a beautiful and terrible thing , and should therefore be treat with great caution . however , I shall answer your question unless I have a very good reason not to , in which case I beg you will forgive me . I shall not , of course , lie . " " well ... Voldemort say that he only kill my mother because she try to stop him from kill me . but why would he want to kill me in the first place ? " Dumbledore sigh very deeply this time . " alas , the first thing you ask me , I can tell you . not today . not now . you will know , one day ... put it from your mind for now , Harry . when you be old ... I know you hate to hear this ... when you be ready , you will know . " and Harry know it would be no good to argue . " but why could n't Quirrell touch me ? " " your mother die to save you . if there be one thing Voldemort can understand , it be love . he do n't realize that love as powerful as your mother be for you leave its own mark . not a scar , no visible sign ... to have be love so deeply , even though the person who love us be go , will give us some protection forever . it be in your very skin . Quirrell , full of hatred , greed , and ambition , share his soul with Voldemort , could not touch you for this reason . it be agony to touch a person mark by something so good . " Dumbledore now become very interested in a bird out on the windowsill , which give Harry time to dry his eye on the sheet . when he have find his voice again , Harry say , " and the invisibility cloak -- do you know who send it to me ? " " ah -- your father happen to leave it in my possession , and I think you might like it . " Dumbledore 's eye twinkle . " useful thing ... your father use it mainly for sneak off to the kitchen to steal food when he be here . " " and there be something else ... " " Fire away . " " Quirrell say Snape - " " Professor Snape , Harry . " " yes , him -- Quirrell say he hate me because he hate my father . be that true ? " " well , they do rather detest each other . not unlike yourself and Mr. Malfoy . and then , your father do something Snape could never forgive . " " what ? " " he save his life . " " what ? " " yes ... " say Dumbledore dreamily . " Funny , the way people 's mind work , be n't it ? Professor Snape could n't bear be in your father 's debt ... I do believe he work so hard to protect you this year because he feel that would make him and your father even . then he could go back to hate your father 's memory in peace ... " Harry try to understand this but it make his head pound , so he stop . " and sir , there be one more thing ... " " just the one ? " " how do I get the Stone out of the mirror ? " " ah , now , I be glad you ask me that . it be one of my more brilliant idea , and between you and me , that be say something . you see , only one who want to find the Stone -- find it , but not use it -- would be able to get it , otherwise they will just see themselves make gold or drink Elixir of Life . my brain surprise even me sometimes ... now , enough question . I suggest you make a start on these sweet . ah ! Bettie Bott 's Every Flavor Beans ! I be unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomit flavor one , and since then I be afraid I have rather lose my liking for them -- but I think I will be safe with a nice toffee , do n't you ? " he smile and pop the golden-brown bean into his mouth . then he choke and say , " alas ! ear wax ! " madam Pomfrey , the nurse , be a nice woman , but very strict . " just five minute , " Harry plead . " absolutely not . " " you let Professor Dumbledore in ... " " well , of course , that be the headmaster , quite different . you need rest . " " I be rest , look , lie down and everything . oh , go on , Madam Pomfrey ... " " oh , very well , " she say . " but five minute only . " and she let Ron and Hermione in . " Harry ! " Hermione look ready to fling her arm around him again , but Harry be glad she hold herself in as his head be still very sore . " oh , Harry , we be sure you be go to -- Dumbledore be so worry - " " the whole school be talk about it , " say Ron . " what really happen ? " it be one of those rare occasion when the true story be even more strange and exciting than the wild rumor . Harry tell them everything : Quirrell ; the mirror ; the Stone ; and Voldemort . Ron and Hermione be a very good audience ; they gasp in all the right place , and when Harry tell them what be under Quirrell 's turban , Hermione scream out loud . " so the Stone be go ? " say Ron finally . " Flamel be just go to die ? " " that be what I say , but Dumbledore think that -- what be it ? -- ' to the well-organized mind , death be but the next great adventure . ' " " I always say he be off his rocker , " say Ron , look quite impressed at how crazy his hero be . " so what happen to you two ? " say Harry . " well , I get back all right , " say Hermione . " I bring Ron round -- that take a while -- and we be dash up to the owlery to contact Dumbledore when we meet him in the entrance hall -- he already know -- he just say , ' Harry be go after him , have n't he ? ' and hurtle off to the third floor . " " D'you think he mean you to do it ? " say Ron . " send you your father 's cloak and everything ? " " well , " Hermione explode , " if he do -- I mean to say that be terrible -- you could have be kill . " " no , it be n't , " say Harry thoughtfully . " he be a funny man , Dumbledore . I think he sort of want to give me a chance . I think he know more or less everything that go on here , you know . I reckon he have a pretty good idea we be go to try , and instead of stop us , he just teach us enough to help . I do n't think it be an accident he let me find out how the mirror work . it be almost like he think I have the right to face Voldemort if I could ... " " Yeah , Dumbledore 's off his rocker , all right , " say Ron proudly . " listen , you have get to be up for the end-of-year feast tomorrow . the point be all in and Slytherin win , of course -- you miss the last Quidditch match , we be steamroller by Ravenclaw without you -- but the food will be good . " at that moment , Madam Pomfrey bustle over . " you have have nearly fifteen minute , now out " she say firmly . after a good night 's sleep , Harry feel nearly back to normal . " I want to go to the feast , " he tell Madam Pomfrey as she straighten his many candy box . " I can , ca n't I ? " " Professor Dumbledore say you be to be allow to go , " she say stiffly , as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore do n't realize how risky feast could be . " and you have another visitor . " " oh , good , " say Harry . " who be it ? " Hagrid sidle through the door as he speak . as usual when he be indoors , Hagrid look too big to be allow . he sit down next to Harry , take one look at him , and burst into tear . " it be -- all -- my -- ruddy -- fault ! " he sob , his face in his hand . " I tell the evil git how ter get past Fluffy ! I tell him ! it be the only thing he do n't know , an ' I tell him ! Yeh could have die ! all fer a dragon egg ! I will never drink again ! I should be chuck out an ' make ter live as a Muggle ! " " Hagrid ! " say Harry , shock to see Hagrid shake with grief and remorse , great tear leak down into his beard . " Hagrid , he will have find out somehow , this be Voldemort we be talk about , he will have find out even if you have n't tell him . " " Yeh could have die ! " sob Hagrid . " an ' don ' say the name ! " " VOLDEMORT ! " Harry bellow , and Hagrid be so shock , he stop cry . " I have meet him and I be call him by his name . please cheer up , Hagrid , we save the Stone , it be go , he ca n't use it . have a Chocolate Frog , I have get load ... " Hagrid wipe his nose on the back of his hand and say , " that remind me . I have get yeh a present . " " it be not a stoat sandwich , be it ? " say Harry anxiously , and at last Hagrid give a weak chuckle . " Nah . Dumbledore give me the day off yesterday ter fix it . ' course , he shoulda sack me instead -- anyway , get Yeh this ... " it seem to be a handsome , leather-covered book . Harry open it curiously . it be full of wizard photograph . smile and wave at him from every page be his mother and father . " send owl off ter all yer parent ' old school friend , Askin ' fer photo ... know yeh didn ' have any ... d'yeh like it ? " Harry could n't speak , but Hagrid understand . Harry make his way down to the end-of-year feast alone that night . he have be hold up by Madam Pomfrey be fuss about , insist on give him one last checkup , so the Great Hall be already full . it be deck out in the Slytherin color of green and silver to celebrate Slytherin 's win the house cup for the seventh year in a row . a huge banner show the Slytherin serpent cover the wall behind the High Table . when Harry walk in there be a sudden hush , and then everybody start talk loudly at once . he slip into a seat between Ron and Hermione at the Gryffindor table and try to ignore the fact that people be stand up to look at him . fortunately , Dumbledore arrive moment later . the babble die away . " another year go ! " Dumbledore say cheerfully . " and I must trouble you with an old man 's wheeze waffle before we sink our tooth into our delicious feast . what a year it have be ! hopefully your head be all a little fuller than they be ... you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year start ... " now , as I understand it , the house cup here need award , and the point stand thus : in fourth place , Gryffindor , with three hundred and twelve point ; in third , Hufflepuff , with three hundred and fifty-two ; Ravenclaw have four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin , four hundred and seventy-two . " a storm of cheer and stamp break out from the Slytherin table . Harry could see Draco Malfoy bang his goblet on the table . it be a sickening sight . " yes , Yes , well do , Slytherin , " say Dumbledore . " however , recent event must be take into account . " the room go very still . the Slytherins ' smile fade a little . " ahem , " say Dumbledore . " I have a few last-minute point to dish out . let me see . yes ... " First -- to Mr. Ronald Weasley ... " Ron go purple in the face ; he look like a radish with a bad sunburn . " ... for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts have see in many year , I award Gryffindor house fifty point . " Gryffindor cheer nearly raise the bewitch ceiling ; the star overhead seem to quiver . Percy could be hear tell the other prefect , " my brother , you know ! my young brother ! get past McGonagall 's giant chess set ! " at last there be silence again . " second -- to Miss Hermione Granger ... for the use of cool logic in the face of fire , I award Gryffindor house fifty point . " Hermione bury her face in her arm ; Harry strongly suspect she have burst into tear . Gryffindors up and down the table be beside themselves -- they be a hundred point up . " third -- to Mr. Harry Potter ... " say Dumbledore . the room go deadly quiet . " ... for pure nerve and outstanding courage , I award Gryffindor house sixty point . " the din be deafen . those who could add up while yell themselves hoarse know that Gryffindor now have four hundred and seventy-two point -- exactly the same as Slytherin . they have tie for the house cup -- if only Dumbledore have give Harry just one more point . Dumbledore raise his hand . the room gradually fall silent . " there be all kind of courage , " say Dumbledore , smile . " it take a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemy , but just as much to stand up to our friend . I therefore award ten point to Mr. Neville Longbottom . " someone standing outside the Great Hall might well have think some sort of explosion have take place , so loud be the noise that erupt from the Gryffindor table . Harry , Ron , and Hermione stand up to yell and cheer as Neville , white with shock , disappear under a pile of people hug him . he have never win so much as a point for Gryffindor before . Harry , still cheer , nudge Ron in the rib and point at Malfoy , who could n't have look more stun and horrify if he have just have the Body-Bind Curse put on him . " which mean , " Dumbledore call over the storm of applause , for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff be celebrate the downfall of Slytherin , " we need a little change of decoration . " he clap his hand . in an instant , the green hanging become scarlet and the silver become gold ; the huge Slytherin serpent vanish and a towering Gryffindor lion take its place . Snape be shake Professor McGonagall 's hand , with a horrible , forced smile . he catch Harry 's eye and Harry know at once that Snape 's feeling toward him have n't change one jot . this do n't worry Harry . it seem as though life would be back to normal next year , or as normal as it ever be at Hogwarts . it be the good evening of Harry 's life , good than win at Quidditch , or Christmas , or knock out mountain troll ... he would never , ever forget tonight . Harry have almost forget that the exam result be still to come , but come they do . to their great surprise , both he and Ron pass with good mark ; Hermione , of course , have the good grade of the first year . even Neville scrape through , his good Herbology mark make up for his abysmal Potions one . they have hope that Goyle , who be almost as stupid as he be mean , might be throw out , but he have pass , too . it be a shame , but as Ron say , you could n't have everything in life . and suddenly , their wardrobe be empty , their trunk be pack , Neville 's toad be find lurk in a corner of the toilet ; note be hand out to all student , warn them not to use magic over the holiday ( " I always hope they will forget to give us these , " say Fred Weasley sadly ) ; Hagrid be there to take them down to the fleet of boat that sail across the lake ; they be board the Hogwarts Express ; talk and laugh as the countryside become green and tidy ; eat Bettie Bott 's Every Flavor Beans as they speed past Muggle town ; pull off their wizard robe and put on jacket and coat ; pull into platform nine and three-quarter at King 's Cross Station . it take quite a while for them all to get off the platform . a wizened old guard be up by the ticket barrier , let them go through the gate in two and three so they do n't attract attention by all burst out of a solid wall at once and alarm the Muggles . " you must come and stay this summer , " say Ron , " both of you -- I will send you an owl . " " thanks , " say Harry , " I will need something to look forward to . " people jostle them as they move forward toward the gateway back to the Muggle world . some of them call : " Bye , Harry ! " " see you , Potter ! " " still famous , " say Ron , grin at him . " not where I be go , I promise you , " say Harry . he , Ron , and Hermione pass through the gateway together . " there he be , Mom , there he be , look ! " it be Ginny Weasley , Ron 's young sister , but she be n't point at Ron . " Harry Potter ! " she squeal . " look , Mom ! I can see - " " be quiet , Ginny , and it be rude to point . " Mrs. Weasley smile down at them . " busy year ? " she say . " very , " say Harry . " thanks for the fudge and the sweater , Mrs. Weasley . " " oh , it be nothing , dear . " " ready , be you ? " it be Uncle Vernon , still purple-faced , still mustached , still look furious at the nerve of Harry , carry an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people . behind him stand Aunt Petunia and Dudley , look terrify at the very sight of Harry . " you must be Harry 's family ! " say Mrs. Weasley . " in a manner of speak , " say Uncle Vernon . " hurry up , boy , we have n't get all day . " he walk away . Harry hang back for a last word with Ron and Hermione . " see you over the summer , then . " " hope you have -- er -- a good holiday , " say Hermione , look uncertainly after Uncle Vernon , shock that anyone could be so unpleasant . " oh , I will , " say Harry , and they be surprise at the grin that be spread over his face . " they do n't know we be not allow to use magic at home . I be go to have a lot of fun with Dudley this summer ... "