Chapter One The Boy who Lived Mr. and Mrs. Dursley , of number four , Privet Drive , be proud to say that they be perfectly normal , thank you very much . they be the last people you will expect to be involve in anything strange or mysterious , because they just do n't hold with such nonsense . Mr. Dursley be the director of a firm call Grunnings , which make drill . he be a big , beefy man with hardly any neck , although he do have a very large mustache . Mrs. Dursley be thin and blonde and have nearly twice the usual amount of neck , which come in very useful as she spend so much of her time crane over garden fence , spy on the neighbor . the Dursley have a small son call Dudley and in their opinion there be no fine boy anywhere . the Dursley have everything they want , but they also have a secret , and their great fear be that somebody would discover it . they do n't think they could bear it if anyone find out about the Potters . Mrs. Potter be Mrs. Dursley 's sister , but they have n't meet for several year ; in fact , Mrs. Dursley pretend she do n't have a sister , because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband be as unDursleyish as it be possible to be . the Dursley shudder to think what the neighbor would say if the Potters arrive in the street . the Dursley know that the Potters have a small son , too , but they have never even see him . this boy be another good reason for keep the Potters away ; they do n't want Dudley mix with a child like that . when Mr. and Mrs. Dursley wake up on the dull , gray Tuesday our story start , there be nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious thing would soon be happen all over the country . Mr. Dursley hum as he pick out his most boring tie for work , and Mrs. Dursley gossip away happily as she wrestle a scream Dudley into his high chair . none of them notice a large , tawny owl flutter past the window . at half past eight , Mr. Dursley pick up his briefcase , peck Mrs. Dursley on the cheek , and try to kiss Dudley good-bye but miss , because Dudley be now have a tantrum and throw his cereal at the wall . " little tyke , " chortle Mr. Dursley as he leave the house . he get into his car and back out of number four 's drive . it be on the corner of the street that he notice the first sign of something peculiar -- a cat read a map . for a second , Mr. Dursley do n't realize what he have see -- then he jerk his head around to look again . there be a tabby cat standing on the corner of Privet Drive , but there be n't a map in sight . what could he have be think of ? it must have be a trick of the light . Mr. Dursley blink and stare at the cat . it stare back . as Mr. Dursley drive around the corner and up the road , he watch the cat in his mirror . it be now read the sign that say Privet Drive -- no , look at the sign ; cat could n't read map or sign . Mr. Dursley give himself a little shake and put the cat out of his mind . as he drive toward town he think of nothing except a large order of drill he be hope to get that day . but on the edge of town , drill be drive out of his mind by something else . as he sit in the usual morning traffic jam , he could n't help notice that there seem to be a lot of strangely dress people about . people in cloak . Mr. Dursley could n't bear people who dress in funny clothes -- the getup you see on young people ! he suppose this be some stupid new fashion . he drum his finger on the steering wheel and his eye fall on a huddle of these weirdo stand quite close by . they be whisper excitedly together . Mr. Dursley be enrage to see that a couple of them be n't young at all ; why , that man have to be old than he be , and wear an emerald-green cloak ! the nerve of him ! but then it strike Mr. Dursley that this be probably some silly stunt - these people be obviously collect for something ... yes , that would be it . the traffic move on and a few minute later , Mr. Dursley arrive in the Grunnings parking lot , his mind back on drill . Mr. Dursley always sit with his back to the window in his office on the ninth floor . if he have n't , he might have find it hard to concentrate on drill that morning . he do n't see the owl swoop past in broad daylight , though people down in the street do ; they point and gaze open-mouthed as owl after owl speed overhead . most of them have never see an owl even at nighttime . Mr. Dursley , however , have a perfectly normal , owl-free morning . he yell at five different people . he make several important telephone call and shout a bit more . he be in a very good mood until lunchtime , when he think he will stretch his leg and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the bakery . he have forget all about the people in cloak until he pass a group of them next to the baker 's . he eye them angrily as he pass . he do n't know why , but they make him uneasy . this bunch be whisper excitedly , too , and he could n't see a single collecting tin . it be on his way back past them , clutch a large doughnut in a bag , that he catch a few word of what they be say . " the Potters , that be right , that be what I hear - " " -- yes , their son , Harry - " Mr. Dursley stop dead . fear flood him . he look back at the whisperer as if he want to say something to them , but think good of it . he dash back across the road , hurry up to his office , snap at his secretary not to disturb him , seize his telephone , and have almost finish dial his home number when he change his mind . he put the receiver back down and stroke his mustache , think ... no , he be be stupid . Potter be n't such an unusual name . he be sure there be lot of people call Potter who have a son call Harry . come to think of it , he be n't even sure his nephew be call Harry . he will never even see the boy . it might have be Harvey . or Harold . there be no point in worry Mrs. Dursley ; she always get so upset at any mention of her sister . he do n't blame her -- if he have have a sister like that ... but all the same , those people in cloak ... he find it a lot harder to concentrate on drill that afternoon and when he leave the building at five o'clock , he be still so worry that he walk straight into someone just outside the door . " sorry , " he grunt , as the tiny old man stumble and almost fall . it be a few second before Mr. Dursley realize that the man be wear a violet cloak . he do n't seem at all upset at be almost knock to the ground . on the contrary , his face split into a wide smile and he say in a squeaky voice that make passerby stare , " do n't be sorry , my dear sir , for nothing could upset me today ! rejoice , for You-Know-Who have go at last ! even Muggles like yourself should be celebrate , this happy , happy day ! " and the old man hug Mr. Dursley around the middle and walk off . Mr. Dursley stand root to the spot . he have be hug by a complete stranger . he also think he have be call a Muggle , whatever that be . he be rattle . he hurry to his car and set off for home , hope he be imagine thing , which he have never hope before , because he do n't approve of imagination . as he pull into the driveway of number four , the first thing he saw—and it do n't improve his mood -- be the tabby cat he have spot that morning . it be now sit on his garden wall . he be sure it be the same one ; it have the same marking around its eye . " shoo ! " say Mr. Dursley loudly . the cat do n't move . it just give him a stern look . be this normal cat behavior ? Mr. Dursley wonder . try to pull himself together , he let himself into the house . he be still determine not to mention anything to his wife . Mrs. Dursley have have a nice , normal day . she tell him over dinner all about Mrs. Next Door 's problem with her daughter and how Dudley have learn a new word ( " wo n't ! " ) . Mr. Dursley try to act normally . when Dudley have be put to bed , he go into the live room in time to catch the last report on the evening news : " and finally , bird-watcher everywhere have report that the nation 's owl have be behave very unusually today . although owl normally hunt at night and be hardly ever see in daylight , there have be hundred of sighting of these bird fly in every direction since sunrise . expert be unable to explain why the owl have suddenly change their sleeping pattern . " the newscaster allow himself a grin . " most mysterious . and now , over to Jim Mcguffin with the weather . go to be any more shower of owl tonight , Jim ? " " well , Ted , " say the weatherman , " I do n't know about that , but it be not only the owl that have be act oddly today . viewer as far apart as Kent , Yorkshire , and Dundee have be phone in to tell me that instead of the rain I promise yesterday , they have have a downpour of shoot star ! perhaps people have be celebrate Bonfire Night early -- it be not until next week , folk ! but I can promise a wet night tonight . " Mr. Dursley sit frozen in his armchair . shoot star all over Britain ? owl fly by daylight ? mysterious people in cloak all over the place ? and a whisper , a whisper about the Potters ... Mrs. Dursley come into the live room carry two cup of tea . it be no good . he will have to say something to her . he clear his throat nervously . " er -- Petunia , dear -- you have n't hear from your sister lately , have you ? " as he have expect , Mrs. Dursley look shocked and angry . after all , they normally pretend she do n't have a sister . " no , " she say sharply . " why ? " " funny stuff on the news , " Mr. Dursley mumble . " owl ... shoot star ... and there be a lot of funny-looking people in town today ... " " so ? " snap Mrs. Dursley . " well , I just think ... maybe ... it be something to do with ... you know ... her crowd . " Mrs. Dursley sip her tea through purse lip . Mr. Dursley wonder whether he dare tell her he have hear the name " Potter . " he decide he do n't dare . instead he say , as casually as he could , " their son -- he will be about Dudley 's age now , would n't he ? " " I suppose so , " say Mrs. Dursley stiffly . " what be his name again ? Howard , be n't it ? " " Harry . nasty , common name , if you ask me . " " oh , yes , " say Mr. Dursley , his heart sink horribly . " yes , I quite agree . " he do n't say another word on the subject as they go upstairs to bed . while Mrs. Dursley be in the bathroom , Mr. Dursley creep to the bedroom window and peer down into the front garden . the cat be still there . it be stare down Privet Drive as though it be wait for something . be he imagine thing ? could all this have anything to do with the Potters ? if it do ... if it get out that they be relate to a pair of -- well , he do n't think he could bear it . the Dursley get into bed . Mrs. Dursley fall asleep quickly but Mr. Dursley lie awake , turn it all over in his mind . his last , comforting thought before he fall asleep be that even if the Potters be involve , there be no reason for them to come near him and Mrs. Dursley . the Potters know very well what he and Petunia think about them and their kind ... he could n't see how he and Petunia could get mix up in anything that might be go on -- he yawn and turn over -- it could n't affect them ... how very wrong he be . Mr. Dursley might have be drift into an uneasy sleep , but the cat on the wall outside be show no sign of sleepiness . it be sit as still as a statue , its eye fix unblinkingly on the far corner of Privet Drive . it do n't so much as quiver when a car door slam on the next street , nor when two owl swoop overhead . in fact , it be nearly midnight before the cat move at all . a man appear on the corner the cat have be watch , appear so suddenly and silently you will have think he have just pop out of the ground . the cat 's tail twitch and its eye narrow . nothing like this man have ever be see on Privet Drive . he be tall , thin , and very old , judge by the silver of his hair and beard , which be both long enough to tuck into his belt . he be wear long robe , a purple cloak that sweep the ground , and high-heeled , buckled boot . his blue eye be light , bright , and sparkling behind half-moon spectacle and his nose be very long and crooked , as though it have be break at least twice . this man 's name be Albus Dumbledore . Albus Dumbledore do n't seem to realize that he have just arrive in a street where everything from his name to his boot be unwelcome . he be busy rummage in his cloak , look for something . but he do seem to realize he be be watch , because he look up suddenly at the cat , which be still stare at him from the other end of the street . for some reason , the sight of the cat seem to amuse him . he chuckle and mutter , " I should have know . " he find what he be look for in his inside pocket . it seem to be a silver cigarette lighter . he flick it open , hold it up in the air , and click it . the near street lamp go out with a little pop . he click it again -- the next lamp flicker into darkness . twelve time he click the Put-Outer , until the only light leave on the whole street be two tiny pinprick in the distance , which be the eye of the cat watch him . if anyone look out of their window now , even beady-eyed Mrs. Dursley , they would n't be able to see anything that be happen down on the pavement . Dumbledore slip the Put-Outer back inside his cloak and set off down the street toward number four , where he sit down on the wall next to the cat . he do n't look at it , but after a moment he speak to it . " fancy see you here , Professor McGonagall . " he turn to smile at the tabby , but it have go . instead he be smile at a rather severe-looking woman who be wear square glass exactly the shape of the marking the cat have have around its eye . she , too , be wear a cloak , an emerald one . her black hair be draw into a tight bun . she look distinctly ruffle . " how do you know it be me ? " she ask . " my dear Professor , I have never see a cat sit so stiffly . " " you will be stiff if you have be sit on a brick wall all day , " say Professor McGonagall . " all day ? when you could have be celebrate ? I must have pass a dozen feast and party on my way here . " Professor McGonagall sniff angrily . " oh yes , everyone be celebrate , all right , " she say impatiently . " you will think they will be a bit more careful , but no -- even the Muggles have notice something be go on . it be on their news . " she jerk her head back at the Dursley ' dark living-room window . " I hear it . flock of owl ... shoot star ... well , they be not completely stupid . they be bind to notice something . shoot star down in Kent -- I will bet that be Dedalus Diggle . he never have much sense . " " you ca n't blame them , " say Dumbledore gently . " we have have precious little to celebrate for eleven year . " " I know that , " say Professor McGonagall irritably . " but that be no reason to lose our head . people be be downright careless , out on the street in broad daylight , not even dress in Muggle clothes , swap rumor . " she throw a sharp , sideways glance at Dumbledore here , as though hope he be go to tell her something , but he do n't , so she go on . " a fine thing it would be if , on the very day YouKnow-Who seem to have disappear at last , the Muggles find out about us all . I suppose he really have go , Dumbledore ? " " it certainly seem so , " say Dumbledore . " we have much to be thankful for . would you care for a lemon drop ? " " a what ? " " a lemon drop . they be a kind of Muggle sweet I be rather fond of . " " no , thank you , " say Professor McGonagall coldly , as though she do n't think this be the moment for lemon drop . " as I say , even if You-Know-Who have go - " " my dear Professor , surely a sensible person like yourself can call him by his name ? all this ' You-Know-Who ' nonsense -- for eleven year I have be try to persuade people to call him by his proper name : Voldemort . " Professor McGonagall flinch , but Dumbledore , who be unstick two lemon drop , seem not to notice . " it all get so confusing if we keep say ' You-Know-Who . ' I have never see any reason to be frighten of say Voldemort 's name . " " I know you have n't , " say Professor McGonagall , sound half exasperate , half admire . " but you be different . everyone know you be the only one You-Know- oh , all right , Voldemort , be frighten of . " " you flatter me , " say Dumbledore calmly . " Voldemort have power I will never have . " " only because you be too -- well - noble to use them . " " it be lucky it be dark . I have n't blush so much since Madam Pomfrey tell me she like my new earmuff . " Professor McGonagall shoot a sharp look at Dumbledore and say " the owl be nothing next to the rumor that be fly around . you know what they be say ? about why he be disappear ? about what finally stop him ? " it seem that Professor McGonagall have reach the point she be most anxious to discuss , the real reason she have be wait on a cold , hard wall all day , for neither as a cat nor as a woman have she fix Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she do now . it be plain that whatever " everyone " be say , she be not go to believe it until Dumbledore tell her it be true . Dumbledore , however , be choose another lemon drop and do not answer . " what they be say , " she press on , " be that last night Voldemort turn up in Godric 's Hollow . he go to find the Potters . the rumor be that Lily and James Potter be -- be -- that they be -- dead . " Dumbledore bow his head . Professor McGonagall gasp . " Lily and James ... I ca n't believe it ... I do n't want to believe it ... oh , Albus ... " Dumbledore reach out and pat her on the shoulder . " I know ... I know ... " he say heavily . Professor McGonagall 's voice tremble as she go on . " that be not all . they be say he try to kill the Potter 's son , Harry . but he could n't . he could n't kill that little boy . no one know why , or how , but they be say that when he could n't kill Harry Potter , Voldemort 's power somehow break -- and that be why he be go . " Dumbledore nod glumly . " it be -- it be true ? " falter Professor McGonagall . " after all he be do ... all the people he be kill ... he could n't kill a little boy ? it be just astound ... of all the thing to stop him ... but how in the name of heaven do Harry survive ? " " we can only guess . " say Dumbledore . " we may never know . " Professor McGonagall pull out a lace handkerchief and dab at her eye beneath her spectacle . Dumbledore give a great sniff as he take a golden watch from his pocket and examine it . it be a very odd watch . it have twelve hand but no number ; instead , little planet be move around the edge . it must have make sense to Dumbledore , though , because he put it back in his pocket and say , " Hagrid be late . I suppose it be he who tell you I will be here , by the way ? " " yes , " say Professor McGonagall . " and I do n't suppose you be go to tell me why you be here , of all place ? " " I have come to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle . they be the only family he have leave now . " " you do n't mean - you ca n't mean the people who live here ? " cry Professor McGonagall , jump to her foot and point at number four . " Dumbledore -- you ca n't . I have be watch them all day . you could n't find two people who be less like us . and they have get this son -- I see him kick his mother all the way up the street , scream for sweet . Harry Potter come and live here ! " " it be the good place for him , " say Dumbledore firmly . " his aunt and uncle will be able to explain everything to him when he be old . I have write them a letter . " " a letter ? " repeat Professor McGonagall faintly , sit back down on the wall . " really , Dumbledore , you think you can explain all this in a letter ? these people will never understand him ! he will be famous -- a legend -- I would n't be surprise if today be know as Harry Potter day in the future -- there will be book write about Harry -- every child in our world will know his name ! " " exactly . " say Dumbledore , look very seriously over the top of his half-moon glass . " it would be enough to turn any boy 's head . famous before he can walk and talk ! famous for something he wo n't even remember ! can you see how much good off he will be , grow up away from all that until he be ready to take it ? " Professor McGonagall open her mouth , change her mind , swallow , and then say , " Yes -- yes , you be right , of course . but how be the boy get here , Dumbledore ? " she eye his cloak suddenly as though she think he might be hide Harry underneath it . " Hagrid be bring him . " " you think it - wise -- to trust Hagrid with something as important as this ? " " I would trust Hagrid with my life , " say Dumbledore . " I be not say his heart be n't in the right place , " say Professor McGonagall grudgingly , " but you ca n't pretend he be not careless . he do tend to -- what be that ? " a low rumble sound have break the silence around them . it grow steadily louder as they look up and down the street for some sign of a headlight ; it swell to a roar as they both look up at the sky -- and a huge motorcycle fall out of the air and land on the road in front of them . if the motorcycle be huge , it be nothing to the man sit astride it . he be almost twice as tall as a normal man and at least five time as wide . he look simply too big to be allow , and so wild -- long tangle of bushy black hair and beard hide most of his face , he have hand the size of trash can lid , and his foot in their leather boot be like baby dolphin . in his vast , muscular arm he be hold a bundle of blanket . " Hagrid , " say Dumbledore , sound relieve . " at last . and where do you get that motorcycle ? " " borrow it , Professor Dumbledore , sir , " say the giant , climb carefully off the motorcycle as he speak . " Young Sirius Black lend it to me . I have get him , sir . " " no problem , be there ? " " no , sir -- house be almost destroy , but I get him out all right before the Muggles start swarmin ' around . he fall asleep as we be flyin ' over Bristol . " Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bend forward over the bundle of blanket . inside , just visible , be a baby boy , fast asleep . under a tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shape cut , like a bolt of lightning . " be that where - ? " whisper Professor McGonagall . " yes , " say Dumbledore . " he will have that scar forever . " " could n't you do something about it , Dumbledore ? " " even if I could , I would n't . scar can come in handy . I have one myself above my left knee that be a perfect map of the London underground . well -- give him here , Hagrid -- we will well get this over with . " Dumbledore take Harry in his arm and turn toward the Dursley ' house . " could I -- could I say good-bye to him , sir ? " ask Hagrid . he bend his great , shaggy head over Harry and give him what must have be a very scratchy , whiskery kiss . then , suddenly , Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog . " Shhh ! " hiss Professor McGonagall , " you will wake the Muggles ! " " S-s-sorry , " sob Hagrid , take out a large , spotted handkerchief and bury his face in it . " but I c-c-ca n't stand it - Lily an ' James dead -- an ' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles - " " Yes , yes , it be all very sad , but get a grip on yourself , Hagrid , or we will be find , " Professor McGonagall whisper , pat Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore step over the low garden wall and walk to the front door . he lay Harry gently on the doorstep , take a letter out of his cloak , tuck it inside Harry 's blanket , and then come back to the other two . for a full minute the three of them stand and look at the little bundle ; Hagrid 's shoulder shake , Professor McGonagall blink furiously , and the twinkling light that usually shine from Dumbledore 's eye seem to have go out . " well , " say Dumbledore finally , " that be that . we have no business stay here . we may as well go and join the celebration . " " yeah , " say Hagrid in a very muffle voice , " I best get this bike away . G'night , Professor McGonagall -- Professor Dumbledore , sir . " wipe his stream eye on his jacket sleeve , Hagrid swing himself onto the motorcycle and kick the engine into life ; with a roar it rise into the air and off into the night . " I shall see you soon , I expect , Professor McGonagall , " say Dumbledore , nod to her . Professor McGonagall blow her nose in reply . Dumbledore turn and walk back down the street . on the corner he stop and take out the silver Put-Outer . he click it once , and twelve ball of light speed back to their street lamp so that Privet Drive glow suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slink around the corner at the other end of the street . he could just see the bundle of blanket on the step of number four . " good luck , Harry , " he murmur . he turn on his heel and with a swish of his cloak , he be go . a breeze ruffle the neat hedge of Privet Drive , which lie silent and tidy under the inky sky , the very last place you would expect astonishing thing to happen . Harry Potter roll over inside his blanket without wake up . one small hand close on the letter beside him and he sleep on , not know he be special , not know he be famous , not know he would be wake in a few hour ' time by Mrs. Dursley 's scream as she open the front door to put out the milk bottle , nor that he would spend the next few week be prod and pinch by his cousin Dudley ... he could n't know that at this very moment , people meeting in secret all over the country be hold up their glass and say in hush voice : " to Harry Potter -- the boy who live ! "