chapter TWO The Vanishing Glass nearly ten year have pass since the Dursley have wake up to find their nephew on the front step , but Privet Drive have hardly change at all . the sun rise on the same tidy front garden and light up the brass number four on the Dursley ' front door ; it creep into their living room , which be almost exactly the same as it have be on the night when Mr. Dursley have see that fateful news report about the owl . only the photograph on the mantelpiece really show how much time have pass . ten year ago , there have be lot of picture of what look like a large pink beach ball wear different-colored bonnet -- but Dudley Dursley be no longer a baby , and now the photograph show a large blond boy ride his first bicycle , on a carousel at the fair , play a computer game with his father , be hug and kiss by his mother . the room hold no sign at all that another boy live in the house , too . yet Harry Potter be still there , asleep at the moment , but not for long . his Aunt Petunia be awake and it be her shrill voice that make the first noise of the day . " up ! get up ! now ! " Harry wake with a start . his aunt rap on the door again . " up ! " she screech . Harry hear her walking toward the kitchen and then the sound of the frying pan be put on the stove . he roll onto his back and try to remember the dream he have be have . it have be a good one . there have be a fly motorcycle in it . he have a funny feeling he have have the same dream before . his aunt be back outside the door . " be you up yet ? " she demand . " nearly , " say Harry . " well , get a move on , I want you to look after the bacon . and do n't you dare let it burn , I want everything perfect on Duddy 's birthday . " Harry groan . " what do you say ? " his aunt snap through the door . " nothing , nothing ... " Dudley 's birthday -- how could he have forget ? Harry get slowly out of bed and start look for sock . he find a pair under his bed and , after pull a spider off one of them , put them on . Harry be use to spider , because the cupboard under the stair be full of them , and that be where he sleep . when he be dress he go down the hall into the kitchen . the table be almost hide beneath all Dudley 's birthday present . it look as though Dudley have get the new computer he want , not to mention the second television and the racing bike . exactly why Dudley want a racing bike be a mystery to Harry , as Dudley be very fat and hate exercise -- unless of course it involve punch somebody . Dudley 's favorite punching bag be Harry , but he could n't often catch him . Harry do n't look it , but he be very fast . perhaps it have something to do with live in a dark cupboard , but Harry have always be small and skinny for his age . he look even small and skinny than he really be because all he have to wear be old clothes of Dudley 's , and Dudley be about four time big than he be . Harry have a thin face , knobbly knee , black hair , and bright green eye . he wear round glass hold together with a lot of Scotch tape because of all the time Dudley have punch him on the nose . the only thing Harry like about his own appearance be a very thin scar on his forehead that be shape like a bolt of lightning . he have have it as long as he could remember , and the first question he could ever remember ask his Aunt Petunia be how he have get it . " in the car crash when your parent die , " she have say . " and do n't ask question . " do n't ask question -- that be the first rule for a quiet life with the Dursley . Uncle Vernon enter the kitchen as Harry be turn over the bacon . " comb your hair ! " he bark , by way of a morning greeting . about once a week , Uncle Vernon look over the top of his newspaper and shout that Harry need a haircut . Harry must have have more haircut than the rest of the boy in his class put together , but it make no difference , his hair simply grow that way -- all over the place . Harry be fry egg by the time Dudley arrive in the kitchen with his mother . Dudley look a lot like Uncle Vernon . he have a large pink face , not much neck , small , watery blue eye , and thick blond hair that lie smoothly on his thick , fat head . aunt Petunia often say that Dudley look like a baby angel -- Harry often say that Dudley look like a pig in a wig . Harry put the plate of egg and bacon on the table , which be difficult as there be n't much room . Dudley , meanwhile , be count his present . his face fall . " Thirty-six , " he say , look up at his mother and father . " that be two less than last year . " " darling , you have n't count Auntie Marge 's present , see , it be here under this big one from Mummy and Daddy . " " all right , thirty-seven then , " say Dudley , go red in the face . Harry , who could see a huge Dudley tantrum come on , begin wolf down his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turn the table over . aunt Petunia obviously scent danger , too , because she say quickly , " and we will buy you another two present while we be out today . how be that , popkin ? two more present . be that all right " Dudley think for a moment . it look like hard work . finally he say slowly , " so I will have thirty ... thirty ... " " Thirty-nine , sweetums , " say Aunt Petunia . " oh . " Dudley sit down heavily and grab the near parcel . " all right then . " Uncle Vernon chuckle . " little tyke want his money 's worth , just like his father . ' Atta boy , Dudley ! " he ruffle Dudley 's hair . at that moment the telephone ring and Aunt Petunia go to answer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon watch Dudley unwrap the racing bike , a video camera , a remote control airplane , sixteen new computer game , and a VCR . he be rip the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia come back from the telephone look both angry and worried . " bad news , Vernon , " she say . " Mrs. Figg have break her leg . she ca n't take him . " she jerk her head in Harry 's direction . Dudley 's mouth fall open in horror , but Harry 's heart give a leap . every year on Dudley 's birthday , his parent take him and a friend out for the day , to adventure park , hamburger restaurant , or the movie . every year , Harry be leave behind with Mrs. Figg , a mad old lady who live two street away . Harry hate it there . the whole house smell of cabbage and Mrs. Figg make him look at photograph of all the cat she have ever own . " now what ? " say Aunt Petunia , look furiously at Harry as though he have plan this . Harry know he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg have break her leg , but it be n't easy when he remind himself it would be a whole year before he have to look at Tibbles , Snowy , Mr. Paws , and Tufty again . " we could phone Marge , " Uncle Vernon suggest . " do n't be silly , Vernon , she hate the boy . " the Dursley often speak about Harry like this , as though he be n't there -- or rather , as though he be something very nasty that could n't understand them , like a slug . " what about what's-her-name , your friend -- Yvonne ? " " on vacation in Majorca , " snap Aunt Petunia . " you could just leave me here , " Harry put in hopefully ( he will be able to watch what he want on television for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudley 's computer ) . aunt Petunia look as though she have just swallow a lemon . " and come back and find the house in ruin ? " she snarl . " I wo n't blow up the house , " say Harry , but they be n't listen . " I suppose we could take him to the zoo , " say Aunt Petunia slowly , " ... and leave him in the car ... " " that car 's new , he be not sit in it alone ... " Dudley begin to cry loudly . in fact , he be n't really crying -- it have be year since he have really cry -- but he know that if he screw up his face and wail , his mother would give him anything he want . " dinky Duddydums , do n't cry , Mummy wo n't let him spoil your special day ! " she cry , fling her arm around him . " I ... do n't ... want ... him ... t-t-to come ! " Dudley yell between huge , pretend sob . " he always sp-spoils everything ! " he shoot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mother 's arm . just then , the doorbell ring -- " oh , good Lord , they be here ! " say Aunt Petunia frantically -- and a moment later , Dudley 's good friend , Piers Polkiss , walk in with his mother . pier be a scrawny boy with a face like a rat . he be usually the one who hold people 's arm behind their back while Dudley hit them . Dudley stop pretend to cry at once . half an hour later , Harry , who could n't believe his luck , be sit in the back of the Dursley ' car with Piers and Dudley , on the way to the zoo for the first time in his life . his aunt and uncle have n't be able to think of anything else to do with him , but before they have leave , Uncle Vernon have take Harry aside . " I be warn you , " he have say , put his large purple face right up close to Harry 's , " I be warn you now , boy -- any funny business , anything at all -- and you will be in that cupboard from now until Christmas . " " I be not go to do anything , " say Harry , " honestly ... " but Uncle Vernon do n't believe him . no one ever do . the problem be , strange thing often happen around Harry and it be just no good tell the Dursley he do n't make them happen . once , Aunt Petunia , tire of Harry come back from the barber look as though he have n't be at all , have take a pair of kitchen scissors and cut his hair so short he be almost bald except for his bang , which she leave " to hide that horrible scar . " Dudley have laugh himself silly at Harry , who spend a sleepless night imagine school the next day , where he be already laugh at for his baggy clothes and tape glass . next morning , however , he have get up to find his hair exactly as it have be before Aunt Petunia have shear it off . he have be give a week in his cupboard for this , even though he have try to explain that he could n't explain how it have grow back so quickly . another time , Aunt Petunia have be try to force him into a revolting old sweater of Dudley 's ( brown with orange puff ball ) . the harder she try to pull it over his head , the small it seem to become , until finally it might have fit a hand puppet , but certainly would n't fit Harry . aunt Petunia have decide it must have shrink in the wash and , to his great relief , Harry be n't punish . on the other hand , he have get into terrible trouble for be find on the roof of the school kitchen . Dudley 's gang have be chase him as usual when , as much to Harry 's surprise as anyone else be , there he be sit on the chimney . the Dursley have receive a very angry letter from Harry 's headmistress tell them Harry have be climb school building . but all he have try to do ( as he shout at Uncle Vernon through the lock door of his cupboard ) be jump behind the big trash can outside the kitchen door . Harry suppose that the wind must have catch him in mid-jump . but today , nothing be go to go wrong . it be even worth being with Dudley and Piers to be spend the day somewhere that be n't school , his cupboard , or Mrs. Figg 's cabbage-smelling living room . while he drive , Uncle Vernon complain to Aunt Petunia . he like to complain about thing : people at work , Harry , the council , Harry , the bank , and Harry be just a few of his favorite subject . this morning , it be motorcycle . " ... roar along like maniac , the young hoodlum , " he say , as a motorcycle overtake them . " I have a dream about a motorcycle , " say Harry , remember suddenly . " it be fly . " Uncle Vernon nearly crash into the car in front . he turn right around in his seat and yell at Harry , his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache : " motorcycle DO N'T Fly ! " Dudley and Piers snigger . " I know they do n't , " say Harry . " it be only a dream . " but he wish he have n't say anything . if there be one thing the Dursley hate even more than his ask question , it be his talking about anything act in a way it should n't , no matter if it be in a dream or even a cartoon -- they seem to think he might get dangerous idea . it be a very sunny Saturday and the zoo be crowd with family . the Dursley buy Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice cream at the entrance and then , because the smile lady in the van have ask Harry what he want before they could hurry him away , they buy him a cheap lemon ice pop . it be n't bad , either , Harry think , lick it as they watch a gorilla scratch its head who look remarkably like Dudley , except that it be n't blond . Harry have the good morning he have have in a long time . he be careful to walk a little way apart from the Dursley so that Dudley and Piers , who be start to get bore with the animal by lunchtime , would n't fall back on their favorite hobby of hit him . they eat in the zoo restaurant , and when Dudley have a tantrum because his knickerbocker glory do n't have enough ice cream on top , Uncle Vernon buy him another one and Harry be allow to finish the first . Harry feel , afterward , that he should have know it be all too good to last . after lunch they go to the reptile house . it be cool and dark in there , with light window all along the wall . behind the glass , all sort of lizard and snake be crawl and slither over bit of wood and stone . Dudley and Piers want to see huge , poisonous cobra and thick , man-crushing python . Dudley quickly find the large snake in the place . it could have wrap its body twice around Uncle Vernon 's car and crush it into a trash can -- but at the moment it do n't look in the mood . in fact , it be fast asleep . Dudley stand with his nose press against the glass , stare at the glisten brown coil . " make it move , " he whine at his father . Uncle Vernon tap on the glass , but the snake do n't budge . " do it again , " Dudley order . Uncle Vernon rap the glass smartly with his knuckle , but the snake just snooze on . " this be boring , " Dudley moan . he shuffle away . Harry move in front of the tank and look intently at the snake . he would n't have be surprise if it have die of boredom itself -- no company except stupid people drum their finger on the glass try to disturb it all day long . it be worse than have a cupboard as a bedroom , where the only visitor be Aunt Petunia hammer on the door to wake you up ; at least he get to visit the rest of the house . the snake suddenly open its beady eye . slowly , very slowly , it raise its head until its eye be on a level with Harry 's . it wink . Harry stare . then he look quickly around to see if anyone be watch . they be n't . he look back at the snake and wink , too . the snake jerk its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley , then raise its eye to the ceiling . it give Harry a look that say quite plainly : " I get that all the time . " " I know , " Harry murmur through the glass , though he be n't sure the snake could hear him . " it must be really annoy . " the snake nod vigorously . " where do you come from , anyway ? " Harry ask . the snake jab its tail at a little sign next to the glass . Harry peer at it . Boa Constrictor , Brazil . " be it nice there ? " the boa constrictor jab its tail at the sign again and Harry read on : this specimen be breed in the zoo . " oh , I see -- so you have never be to Brazil ? " as the snake shake its head , a deafen shout behind Harry make both of them jump . " Dudley ! Mr . Dursley ! come and Look AT This SNAKE ! you WO N'T BELIEVE what it be DOING ! " Dudley come waddle toward them as fast as he could . " out of the way , you , " he say , punch Harry in the rib . catch by surprise , Harry fall hard on the concrete floor . what come next happen so fast no one see how it happen -- one second , Piers and Dudley be lean right up close to the glass , the next , they have leap back with howl of horror . Harry sit up and gasp ; the glass front of the boa constrictor 's tank have vanish . the great snake be uncoil itself rapidly , slither out onto the floor . people throughout the reptile house scream and start run for the exit . as the snake slide swiftly past him , Harry could have swear a low , hiss voice say , " Brazil , here I come ... Thanksss , amigo . " the keeper of the reptile house be in shock . " but the glass , " he keep say , " where do the glass go ? " the zoo director himself make Aunt Petunia a cup of strong , sweet tea while he apologize over and over again . Piers and Dudley could only gibber . as far as Harry have see , the snake have n't do anything except snap playfully at their heel as it pass , but by the time they be all back in Uncle Vernon 's car , Dudley be tell them how it have nearly bite off his leg , while Piers be swear it have try to squeeze him to death . but bad of all , for Harry at least , be Piers calm down enough to say , " Harry be talk to it , be n't you , Harry ? " Uncle Vernon wait until Piers be safely out of the house before start on Harry . he be so angry he could hardly speak . he manage to say , " Go -- cupboard -- stay -- no meal , " before he collapse into a chair , and Aunt Petunia have to run and get him a large brandy . Harry lie in his dark cupboard much later , wish he have a watch . he do n't know what time it be and he could n't be sure the Dursley be asleep yet . until they be , he could n't risk sneak to the kitchen for some food . he have live with the Dursley almost ten year , ten miserable year , as long as he could remember , ever since he have be a baby and his parent have die in that car crash . he could n't remember be in the car when his parent have die . sometimes , when he strain his memory during long hour in his cupboard , he come up with a strange vision : a blind flash of green light and a burn pain on his forehead . this , he suppose , be the crash , though he could n't imagine where all the green light come from . he could n't remember his parent at all . his aunt and uncle never speak about them , and of course he be forbid to ask question . there be no photograph of them in the house . when he have be young , Harry have dream and dream of some unknown relation come to take him away , but it have never happen ; the Dursley be his only family . yet sometimes he think ( or maybe hope ) that stranger in the street seem to know him . very strange stranger they be , too . a tiny man in a violet top hat have bow to him once while out shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley . after ask Harry furiously if he know the man , Aunt Petunia have rush them out of the shop without buy anything . a wild-looking old woman dress all in green have wave merrily at him once on a bus . a bald man in a very long purple coat have actually shake his hand in the street the other day and then walk away without a word . the weird thing about all these people be the way they seem to vanish the second Harry try to get a close look . at school , Harry have no one . everybody know that Dudley 's gang hate that odd Harry Potter in his baggy old clothes and break glass , and nobody like to disagree with Dudley 's gang .