chapter Three Letters from no one the escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earn Harry his longest-ever punishment . by the time he be allow out of his cupboard again , the summer holiday have start and Dudley have already break his new video camera , crash his remote control airplane , and , first time out on his racing bike , knock down old Mrs. Figg as she cross Privet Drive on her crutch . Harry be glad school be over , but there be no escape Dudley 's gang , who visit the house every single day . Piers , Dennis , Malcolm , and Gordon be all big and stupid , but as Dudley be the big and stupid of the lot , he be the leader . the rest of them be all quite happy to join in Dudley 's favorite sport : Harry Hunting . this be why Harry spend as much time as possible out of the house , wander around and think about the end of the holiday , where he could see a tiny ray of hope . when September come he would be go off to secondary school and , for the first time in his life , he would n't be with Dudley . Dudley have be accept at Uncle Vernon 's old private school , Smeltings . Piers Polkiss be go there too . Harry , on the other hand , be go to Stonewall High , the local public school . Dudley think this be very funny . " they stuff people 's head down the toilet the first day at Stonewall , " he tell Harry . " want to come upstairs and practice ? " " no , thanks , " say Harry . " the poor toilet have never have anything as horrible as your head down it -- it might be sick . " then he run , before Dudley could work out what he have say . one day in July , Aunt Petunia take Dudley to London to buy his Smeltings uniform , leave Harry at Mrs. Figg 's . Mrs. Figg be n't as bad as usual . it turn out she have break her leg trip over one of her cat , and she do n't seem quite as fond of them as before . she let Harry watch television and give him a bit of chocolate cake that taste as though she have have it for several year . that evening , Dudley parade around the live room for the family in his brand-new uniform . Smeltings ' boy wear maroon tailcoats , orange knickerbockers , and flat straw hat call boater . they also carry knobbly stick , use for hit each other while the teacher be n't look . this be suppose to be good training for late life . as he look at Dudley in his new knickerbockers , Uncle Vernon say gruffly that it be the proud moment of his life . aunt Petunia burst into tear and say she could n't believe it be her Ickle Dudleykins , he look so handsome and grown-up . Harry do n't trust himself to speak . he think two of his rib might already have crack from try not to laugh . there be a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when Harry go in for breakfast . it seem to be come from a large metal tub in the sink . he go to have a look . the tub be full of what look like dirty rag swim in gray water . " what be this ? " he ask Aunt Petunia . her lip tighten as they always do if he dare to ask a question . " your new school uniform , " she say . Harry look in the bowl again . " oh , " he say , " I do n't realize it have to be so wet . " " do n't be stupid , " snap Aunt Petunia . " I be dye some of Dudley 's old thing gray for you . it will look just like everyone else be when I have finish . " Harry seriously doubt this , but think it well not to argue . he sit down at the table and try not to think about how he be go to look on his first day at Stonewall High -- like he be wear bit of old elephant skin , probably . Dudley and Uncle Vernon come in , both with wrinkle nose because of the smell from Harry 's new uniform . Uncle Vernon open his newspaper as usual and Dudley bang his Smelting stick , which he carry everywhere , on the table . they hear the click of the mail slot and flop of letter on the doormat . " get the mail , Dudley , " say Uncle Vernon from behind his paper . " make Harry get it . " " get the mail , Harry . " " make Dudley get it . " " poke him with your Smelting stick , Dudley . " Harry dodge the Smelting stick and go to get the mail . three thing lie on the doormat : a postcard from Uncle Vernon 's sister Marge , who be vacation on the Isle of Wight , a brown envelope that look like a bill , and -- a letter for Harry . Harry pick it up and stare at it , his heart twang like a giant elastic band . no one , ever , in his whole life , have write to him . who would ? he have no friend , no other relative -- he do n't belong to the library , so he will never even get rude note ask for book back . yet here it be , a letter , address so plainly there could be no mistake : Mr. H. Potter the cupboard under the Stairs @card@ Privet Drive Little Whinging Surrey the envelope be thick and heavy , make of yellowish parchment , and the address be write in emerald-green ink . there be no stamp . turn the envelope over , his hand tremble , Harry see a purple wax seal bear a coat of arm ; a lion , an eagle , a badger , and a snake surround a large letter H. " Hurry up , boy ! " shout Uncle Vernon from the kitchen . " what be you do , check for letter bomb ? " he chuckle at his own joke . Harry go back to the kitchen , still stare at his letter . he hand Uncle Vernon the bill and the postcard , sit down , and slowly begin to open the yellow envelope . Uncle Vernon rip open the bill , snort in disgust , and flip over the postcard . " Marge 's ill , " he inform Aunt Petunia . " eat a funny whelk ... " " Dad ! " say Dudley suddenly . " Dad , Harry 's get something ! " Harry be on the point of unfold his letter , which be write on the same heavy parchment as the envelope , when it be jerk sharply out of his hand by Uncle Vernon . " that be mine ! " say Harry , try to snatch it back . " who will be write to you ? " sneer Uncle Vernon , shake the letter open with one hand and glance at it . his face go from red to green faster than a set of traffic light . and it do n't stop there . within second it be the grayish white of old porridge . " P-P-Petunia ! " he gasp . Dudley try to grab the letter to read it , but Uncle Vernon hold it high out of his reach . aunt Petunia take it curiously and read the first line . for a moment it look as though she might faint . she clutch her throat and make a choke noise . " Vernon ! oh my goodness -- Vernon ! " they stare at each other , seeming to have forget that Harry and Dudley be still in the room . Dudley be n't use to be ignore . he give his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick . " I want to read that letter , " he say loudly . " I want to read it , " say Harry furiously , " as it be mine . " " get out , both of you , " croak Uncle Vernon , stuff the letter back inside its envelope . Harry do n't move . " I Want My Letter ! " he shout . " let me see it ! " demand Dudley . " out ! " roar Uncle Vernon , and he take both Harry and Dudley by the scruff of their neck and throw them into the hall , slam the kitchen door behind them . Harry and Dudley promptly have a furious but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole ; Dudley win , so Harry , his glass dangle from one ear , lie flat on his stomach to listen at the crack between door and floor . " Vernon , " Aunt Petunia be say in a quiver voice , " look at the address -- how could they possibly know where he sleep ? you do n't think they be watch the house ? " " watching -- spy -- might be follow us , " mutter Uncle Vernon wildly . " but what should we do , Vernon ? should we write back ? tell them we do n't want - " Harry could see Uncle Vernon 's shiny black shoe pace up and down the kitchen . " no , " he say finally . " no , we will ignore it . if they do n't get an answer ... Yes , that be good ... we wo n't do anything ... " " but - " " I be not have one in the house , Petunia ! do n't we swear when we take him in we will stamp out that dangerous nonsense ? " that evening when he get back from work , Uncle Vernon do something he have never do before ; he visit Harry in his cupboard . " where be my letter ? " say Harry , the moment Uncle Vernon have squeeze through the door . " who be write to me ? " " no one . it be address to you by mistake , " say Uncle Vernon shortly . " I have burn it . " " it be not a mistake , " say Harry angrily , " it have my cupboard on it . " " silence ! " yell Uncle Vernon , and a couple of spider fall from the ceiling . he take a few deep breath and then force his face into a smile , which look quite painful . " er -- yes , Harry -- about this cupboard . your aunt and I have be think ... you be really get a bit big for it ... we think it might be nice if you move into Dudley 's second bedroom . " why ? " say Harry . " do n't ask question ! " snap his uncle . " take this stuff upstairs , now . " the Dursley ' house have four bedroom : one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia , one for visitor ( usually Uncle Vernon 's sister , Marge ) , one where Dudley sleep , and one where Dudley keep all the toy and thing that would n't fit into his first bedroom . it only take Harry one trip upstairs to move everything he own from the cupboard to this room . he sit down on the bed and stare around him . nearly everything in here be break . the month-old video camera be lie on top of a small , working tank Dudley have once drive over the next door neighbor 's dog ; in the corner be Dudley 's first-ever television set , which he will put his foot through when his favorite program have be cancel ; there be a large birdcage , which have once hold a parrot that Dudley have swap at school for a real air rifle , which be up on a shelf with the end all bent because Dudley have sit on it . other shelf be full of book . they be the only thing in the room that look as though they have never be touch . from downstairs come the sound of Dudley bawl at his mother , " I do n't want him in there ... I need that room ... make him get out ... " Harry sigh and stretch out on the bed . yesterday he will have give anything to be up here . today he will rather be back in his cupboard with that letter than up here without it . next morning at breakfast , everyone be rather quiet . Dudley be in shock . he have scream , whack his father with his Smelting stick , be sick on purpose , kick his mother , and throw his tortoise through the greenhouse roof , and he still do n't have his room back . Harry be think about this time yesterday and bitterly wish he have open the letter in the hall . Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia keep look at each other darkly . when the mail arrive , Uncle Vernon , who seem to be try to be nice to Harry , make Dudley go and get it . they hear him bang thing with his Smelting stick all the way down the hall . then he shout , " there be another one ! ' Mr. H. Potter , the Smallest Bedroom , @card@ Privet Drive - ' " with a strangle cry , Uncle Vernon leap from his seat and run down the hall , Harry right behind him . Uncle Vernon have to wrestle Dudley to the ground to get the letter from him , which be make difficult by the fact that Harry have grab Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind . after a minute of confused fighting , in which everyone get hit a lot by the Smelting stick , Uncle Vernon straighten up , gasp for breath , with Harry 's letter clutch in his hand . " go to your cupboard -- I mean , your bedroom , " he wheeze at Harry . " Dudley -- go -- just go . " Harry walk round and round his new room . someone know he have move out of his cupboard and they seem to know he have n't receive his first letter . surely that mean they will try again ? and this time he will make sure they do n't fail . he have a plan . the repair alarm clock ring at six o'clock the next morning . Harry turn it off quickly and dress silently . he must n't wake the Dursley . he steal downstairs without turn on any of the light . he be go to wait for the postman on the corner of Privet Drive and get the letter for number four first . his heart hammer as he creep across the dark hall toward the front door - " AAAAARRRGH ! " Harry leap into the air ; he have tread on something big and squashy on the doormat -- something alive ! light click on upstairs and to his horror Harry realize that the big , squashy something have be his uncle 's face . Uncle Vernon have be lie at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag , clearly make sure that Harry do n't do exactly what he have be try to do . he shout at Harry for about half an hour and then tell him to go and make a cup of tea . Harry shuffle miserably off into the kitchen and by the time he get back , the mail have arrive , right into Uncle Vernon 's lap . Harry could see three letter address in green ink . " I want - " he begin , but Uncle Vernon be tear the letter into piece before his eye . Uncle Vernon do n't go to work that day . he stay at home and nail up the mail slot . " see , " he explain to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nail , " if they ca n't deliver them they will just give up . " " I be not sure that will work , Vernon . " " oh , these people 's mind work in strange way , Petunia , they be not like you and me , " say Uncle Vernon , try to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia have just bring him . on Friday , no less than twelve letter arrive for Harry . as they could n't go through the mail slot they have be push under the door , slot through the side , and a few even force through the small window in the downstairs bathroom . Uncle Vernon stay at home again . after burn all the letter , he get out a hammer and nail and board up the crack around the front and back door so no one could go out . he hum " Tiptoe through the tulip " as he work , and jump at small noise . on Saturday , thing begin to get out of hand . Twenty-four letter to Harry find their way into the house , roll up and hide inside each of the two dozen egg that their very confuse milkman have hand Aunt Petunia through the live room window . while Uncle Vernon make furious telephone call to the post office and the dairy try to find someone to complain to , Aunt Petunia shred the letter in her food processor . " who on earth want to talk to you this badly ? " Dudley ask Harry in amazement . on Sunday morning , Uncle Vernon sit down at the breakfast table look tired and rather ill , but happy . " no post on Sunday , " he remind them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspaper , " no damn letter today - " something come whiz down the kitchen chimney as he speak and catch him sharply on the back of the head . next moment , thirty or forty letter come pelt out of the fireplace like bullet . the Dursley duck , but Harry leap into the air try to catch one - " Out ! out ! " Uncle Vernon seize Harry around the waist and throw him into the hall . when Aunt Petunia and Dudley have run out with their arm over their face , Uncle Vernon slam the door shut . they could hear the letter still stream into the room , bounce off the wall and floor . " that do it , " say Uncle Vernon , try to speak calmly but pull great tuft out of his mustache at the same time . " I want you all back here in five minute ready to leave . we be go away . just pack some clothes . no argument ! " he look so dangerous with half his mustache miss that no one dare argue . ten minute later they have wrench their way through the boarded-up door and be in the car , speed toward the highway . Dudley be sniffle in the back seat ; his father have hit him round the head for hold them up while he try to pack his television , VCR , and computer in his sport bag . they drive . and they drive . even Aunt Petunia do n't dare ask where they be go . every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and drive in the opposite direction for a while . " Shake ' em off ... shake ' em off , " he would mutter whenever he do this . they do n't stop to eat or drink all day . by nightfall Dudley be howl . he will never have such a bad day in his life . he be hungry , he have miss five television program he have want to see , and he have never go so long without blow up an alien on his computer . Uncle Vernon stop at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the outskirt of a big city . Dudley and Harry share a room with twin bed and damp , musty sheet . Dudley snore but Harry stay awake , sit on the windowsill , stare down at the light of pass car and wonder ... they eat stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomato on toast for breakfast the next day . they have just finish when the owner of the hotel come over to their table . " ' Scuse me , but be one of you Mr. H. Potter ? only I get about an ' undred of these at the front desk . " she hold up a letter so they could read the green ink address : Mr. H. Potter Room @card@ Railview Hotel Cokeworth Harry make a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon knock his hand out of the way . the woman stare . " I will take them , " say Uncle Vernon , stand up quickly and follow her from the dining room . " would n't it be well just to go home , dear ? " aunt Petunia suggest timidly , hour later , but Uncle Vernon do n't seem to hear her . exactly what he be look for , none of them know . he drive them into the middle of a forest , get out , look around , shake his head , get back in the car , and off they go again . the same thing happen in the middle of a plow field , halfway across a suspension bridge , and at the top of a multilevel parking garage . " daddy be go mad , have n't he ? " Dudley ask Aunt Petunia dully late that afternoon . Uncle Vernon have park at the coast , lock them all inside the car , and disappear . it start to rain . great drop beat on the roof of the car . Dudley snivel . " it be Monday , " he tell his mother . " the Great Humberto 's on tonight . I want to stay somewhere with a television . " Monday . this remind Harry of something . if it be Monday -- and you could usually count on Dudley to know the day the week , because of television -- then tomorrow , Tuesday , be Harry 's eleventh birthday . of course , his birthday be never exactly fun -- last year , the Dursley have give him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernon 's old sock . still , you be n't eleven every day . Uncle Vernon be back and he be smile . he be also carry a long , thin package and do n't answer Aunt Petunia when she ask what he have buy . " find the perfect place ! " he say . " come on ! everyone out ! " it be very cold outside the car . Uncle Vernon be point at what look like a large rock way out at sea . perch on top of the rock be the most miserable little shack you could imagine . one thing be certain , there be no television in there . " storm forecast for tonight ! " say Uncle Vernon gleefully , clap his hand together . " and this gentleman be kindly agree to lend us his boat ! " a toothless old man come amble up to them , point , with a rather wicked grin , at an old rowboat bob in the iron-gray water below them . " I have already get us some ration , " say Uncle Vernon , " so all aboard ! " it be freeze in the boat . icy sea spray and rain creep down their neck and a chilly wind whip their face . after what seem like hour they reach the rock , where Uncle Vernon , slip and slide , lead the way to the broken-down house . the inside be horrible ; it smell strongly of seaweed , the wind whistle through the gap in the wooden wall , and the fireplace be damp and empty . there be only two room . Uncle Vernon 's ration turn out to be a bag of chip each and four banana . he try to start a fire but the empty chip bag just smoke and shrivel up . " could do with some of those letter now , eh ? " he say cheerfully . he be in a very good mood . obviously he think nobody stand a chance of reach them here in a storm to deliver mail . Harry privately agree , though the thought do n't cheer him up at all . as night fall , the promised storm blow up around them . spray from the high wave splatter the wall of the hut and a fierce wind rattle the filthy window . aunt Petunia find a few moldy blanket in the second room and make up a bed for Dudley on the moth-eaten sofa . she and Uncle Vernon go off to the lumpy bed next door , and Harry be leave to find the soft bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thin , most ragged blanket . the storm rage more and more ferociously as the night go on . Harry could n't sleep . he shiver and turn over , try to get comfortable , his stomach rumble with hunger . Dudley 's snore be drown by the low roll of thunder that start near midnight . the lighted dial of Dudley 's watch , which be dangle over the edge of the sofa on his fat wrist , tell Harry he will be eleven in ten minute ' time . he lie and watch his birthday tick near , wonder if the Dursley would remember at all , wonder where the letter writer be now . five minute to go . Harry hear something creak outside . he hope the roof be n't go to fall in , although he might be warm if it do . four minute to go . maybe the house in Privet Drive would be so full of letter when they get back that he will be able to steal one somehow . three minute to go . be that the sea , slap hard on the rock like that ? and ( two minute to go ) what be that funny crunch noise ? be the rock crumble into the sea ? one minute to go and he will be eleven . thirty second ... twenty ... ten ... nine -- maybe he will wake Dudley up , just to annoy him -- three ... two ... one ... Boom . the whole shack shiver and Harry sit bolt upright , stare at the door . someone be outside , knock to come in .