chapter Four The Keeper of the Keys Boom . they knock again . Dudley jerk awake . " where be the cannon ? " he say stupidly . there be a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon come skid into the room . he be hold a rifle in his hand - now they know what have be in the long , thin package he have bring with them . " who be there ? " he shout . " I warn you -- I be arm ! " there be a pause . then - SMASH ! the door be hit with such force that it swing clean off its hinge and with a deafen crash land flat on the floor . a giant of a man be stand in the doorway . his face be almost completely hide by a long , shaggy mane of hair and a wild , tangled beard , but you could make out his eye , glint like black beetle under all the hair . the giant squeeze his way into the hut , stoop so that his head just brush the ceiling . he bend down , pick up the door , and fit it easily back into its frame . the noise of the storm outside drop a little . he turn to look at them all . " could n't make us a cup o ' tea , could yeh ? it have not be an easy journey ... " he stride over to the sofa where Dudley sit freeze with fear . " budge up , yeh great lump , " say the stranger . Dudley squeak and run to hide behind his mother , who be crouch , terrify , behind Uncle Vernon . " an ' here be Harry ! " say the giant . Harry look up into the fierce , wild , shadowy face and see that the beetle eye be crinkle in a smile . " Las ' time I see you , you be only a baby , " say the giant . " Yeh look a lot like yer dad , but Yeh have get yer mom 's eye . " Uncle Vernon make a funny rasping noise . " I demand that you leave at once , sir ! " he say . " you be break and enter ! " " ah , shut up , Dursley , Yeh great prune , " say the giant ; he reach over the back of the sofa , jerk the gun out of Uncle Vernon 's hand , bend it into a knot as easily as if it have be make of rubber , and throw it into a corner of the room . Uncle Vernon make another funny noise , like a mouse be tread on . " anyway -- Harry , " say the giant , turn his back on the Dursley , " a very happy birthday to Yeh . get summat fer yeh here -- I mighta sit on it at some point , but it will taste all right . " from an inside pocket of his black overcoat he pull a slightly squash box . Harry open it with tremble finger . inside be a large , sticky chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Harry write on it in green icing . Harry look up at the giant . he mean to say thank you , but the word get lose on the way to his mouth , and what he say instead be , " who be you ? " the giant chuckle . " true , I have n't introduce meself . Rubeus Hagrid , Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts . " he hold out an enormous hand and shake Harry 's whole arm . " what about that tea then , eh ? " he say , rub his hand together . " I will not say no ter summat strong if Yeh have get it , mind . " his eye fall on the empty grate with the shrivel chip bag in it and he snort . he bend down over the fireplace ; they could n't see what he be do but when he draw back a second later , there be a roar fire there . it fill the whole damp hut with flicker light and Harry feel the warmth wash over him as though he have sink into a hot bath . the giant sit back down on the sofa , which sag under his weight , and begin take all sort of thing out of the pocket of his coat : a copper kettle , a squashy package of sausage , a poker , a teapot , several chip mug , and a bottle of some amber liquid that he take a swig from before start to make tea . soon the hut be full of the sound and smell of sizzling sausage . nobody say a thing while the giant be work , but as he slide the first six fat , juicy , slightly burn sausage from the poker , Dudley fidget a little . Uncle Vernon say sharply , " do n't touch anything he give you , Dudley . " the giant chuckle darkly . " Yer great puddin ' of a son don ' need fattenin ' anymore , Dursley , don ' worry . " he pass the sausage to Harry , who be so hungry he have never taste anything so wonderful , but he still could n't take his eye off the giant . finally , as nobody seem about to explain anything , he say , " I be sorry , but I still do n't really know who you be . " the giant take a gulp of tea and wipe his mouth with the back of his hand . " call me Hagrid , " he say , " everyone do . an ' like I tell yeh , I be Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts -- Yeh will know all about Hogwarts , o ' course . " er -- no , " say Harry . Hagrid look shocked . " sorry , " Harry say quickly . " sorry ? " bark Hagrid , turn to stare at the Dursley , who shrink back into the shadow . " it be them as should be sorry ! I know yeh be n't gettin ' yer letter but I never think Yeh would n't even know abou ' Hogwarts , fer cryin ' out loud ! do yeh never wonder where yer parent learn it all ? " " all what ? " ask Harry . " all what ? " Hagrid thunder . " now wait jus ' one second ! " he have leap to his foot . in his anger he seem to fill the whole hut . the Dursley be cower against the wall . " do you mean ter tell me , " he growl at the Dursley , " that this boy -- this boy ! -- know nothin ' abou ' -- about ANYTHING ? " Harry think this be go a bit far . he have be to school , after all , and his mark be n't bad . " I know some thing , " he say . " I can , you know , do math and stuff . " but Hagrid simply wave his hand and say , " about our world , I mean . your world . my world . Yer parent ' world . " " what world ? " Hagrid look as if he be about to explode . " Dursley ! " he boom . Uncle Vernon , who have go very pale , whisper something that sound like " Mimblewimble . " Hagrid stare wildly at Harry . " but Yeh must know about yer mom and dad , " he say . " I mean , they be famous . you be famous . " " what ? my -- my mom and dad be n't famous , be they ? " " Yeh don ' know ... yeh don ' know ... " Hagrid run his finger through his hair , fix Harry with a bewilder stare . " Yeh don ' know what yeh be ? " he say finally . Uncle Vernon suddenly find his voice . " stop ! " he command . " stop right there , sir ! I forbid you to tell the boy anything ! " a brave man than Vernon Dursley would have quail under the furious look Hagrid now give him ; when Hagrid speak , his every syllable tremble with rage . " you never tell him ? never tell him what be in the letter Dumbledore leave fer him ? I be there ! I see Dumbledore leave it , Dursley ! an ' you have keep it from him all these year ? " " keep what from me ? " say Harry eagerly . " stop ! I FORBID you ! " yell Uncle Vernon in panic . aunt Petunia give a gasp of horror . " ah , go boil yer head , both of yeh , " say Hagrid . " Harry -- yer a wizard . " there be silence inside the hut . only the sea and the whistle wind could be hear . " I be a what ? " gasp Harry . " a wizard , o ' course , " say Hagrid , sit back down on the sofa , which groan and sink even low , " an ' a thumpin ' good ' un , I will say , once yeh have be train up a bit . with a mum an ' dad like yours , what else would yeh be ? an ' I reckon it be abou ' time yeh read yer letter . " Harry stretch out his hand at last to take the yellowish envelope , address in emerald green to Mr. H. Potter , the floor , Hut-on-the-Rock , the Sea . he pull out the letter and read : HOGWARTS School of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster : Albus DUMBLEDORE ( Order of Merlin , First Class , Grand Sorc . , Chf . Warlock , Supreme Mugwump , International Confed . of Wizards ) Dear Mr. Potter , we be please to inform you that you have be accept at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry . please find enclose a list of all necessary book and equipment . term begin on September @card@ . we await your owl by no later than July @card@ . yours sincerely , Minerva McGonagall , Deputy Headmistress question explode inside Harry 's head like firework and he could n't decide which to ask first . after a few minute he stammer , " what do it mean , they await my owl ? " " Gallopin ' Gorgon , that remind me , " say Hagrid , clap a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse , and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pull an owl -- a real , live , rather ruffled-looking owl -- a long quill , and a roll of parchment . with his tongue between his tooth he scribble a note that Harry could read upside down : Dear Professor Dumbledore , Given Harry his letter . take him to buy his thing tomorrow . weather be horrible . hope you be well . Hagrid Hagrid roll up the note , give it to the owl , which clamp it in its beak , go to the door , and throw the owl out into the storm . then he come back and sit down as though this be as normal as talk on the telephone . Harry realize his mouth be open and close it quickly . " where be I ? " say Hagrid , but at that moment , Uncle Vernon , still ashen-faced but look very angry , move into the firelight . " he be not go , " he say . Hagrid grunt . " I will like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him , " he say . " a what ? " say Harry , interested . " a Muggle , " say Hagrid , " it be what we call nonmagic folk like them . an ' it be your bad luck you grow up in a family o ' the big Muggles I ever lay eye on . " " we swear when we take him in we will put a stop to that rubbish , " say Uncle Vernon , " swear we will stamp it out of him ! wizard indeed ! " " you know ? " say Harry . " you know I be a -- a wizard ? " " know ! " shriek Aunt Petunia suddenly . " know ! of course we know ! how could you not be , my dratted sister be what she be ? oh , she get a letter just like that and disappear off to that -- that school -- and come home every vacation with her pocket full of frog spawn , turn teacup into rat . I be the only one who see her for what she be -- a freak ! but for my mother and father , oh no , it be Lily this and Lily that , they be proud of have a witch in the family ! " she stop to draw a deep breath and then go rant on . it seem she have be want to say all this for year . " then she meet that Potter at school and they leave and get marry and have you , and of course I know you will be just the same , just as strange , just as -- as - abnormal -- and then , if you please , she go and get herself blow up and we get land with you ! " Harry have go very white . as soon as he find his voice he say , " Blown up ? you tell me they die in a car crash ! " " car crash ! " roar Hagrid , jump up so angrily that the Dursley scuttle back to their corner . " how could a car crash kill Lily an ' James Potter ? it be an outrage ! a scandal ! Harry Potter not knowin ' his own story when every kid in our world know his name ! " " but why ? what happen ? " Harry ask urgently . the anger fade from Hagrid 's face . he look suddenly anxious . " I never expect this , " he say , in a low , worried voice . " I have no idea , when Dumbledore tell me there might be trouble gettin ' hold of Yeh , how much yeh do n't know . ah , Harry , I don ' know if I be the right person ter tell yeh -- but someone be gotta -- yeh ca n't go off ter Hogwarts not knowin ' . " he throw a dirty look at the Dursley . " well , it 's good yeh know as much as I can tell yeh -- mind , I ca n't tell Yeh everythin ' , it be a great myst'ry , part of it ... " he sit down , stare into the fire for a few second , and then say , " it begin , I suppose , with -- with a person call -- but it be incredible yeh do n't know his name , everyone in our world know - " " who ? " " well -- I don ' like sayin ' the name if I can help it . no one do . " " why not ? " " Gulpin ' gargoyle , Harry , people be still scare . Blimey , this be difficult . see , there be this wizard who go ... bad . as bad as you could go . bad . bad than bad . his name be ... " Hagrid gulp , but no word come out . " could you write it down ? " Harry suggest . " Nah -- ca n't spell it . all right -- Voldemort . " Hagrid shudder . " Don ' make me say it again . anyway , this -- this wizard , about twenty year ago now , start lookin ' fer follower . Got ' em , too -- some be afraid , some just want a bit o ' his power , ' cause he be gettin ' himself power , all right . dark day , Harry . do n't know who ter trust , do n't dare get friendly with strange wizard or witch ... terrible thing happen . he be takin ' over . ' Course , some stand up to him -- an ' he kill ' em . horribly . one o ' the only safe place leave be Hogwarts . reckon Dumbledore be the only one You-Know-Who be afraid of . do n't dare try takin ' the school , not jus ' then , anyway . " now , yer mum an ' dad be as good a witch an ' wizard as I ever know . head boy an ' girl at Hogwarts in their day ! suppose the myst'ry be why You-Know-Who never try to get ' em on his side before ... probably know they be too close ter Dumbledore ter want anythin ' ter do with the dark side . " maybe he think he could persuade ' em ... maybe he just want ' em outta the way . all anyone know be , he turn up in the village where you be all living , on Halloween ten year ago . you be just a year old . he come ter yer house an ' -- an ' - " Hagrid suddenly pull out a very dirty , spotted handkerchief and blow his nose with a sound like a foghorn . " sorry , " he say . " but it be that sad -- know yer mum an ' dad , an ' nice people yeh could n't find -- anywa ... " You-Know-Who kill ' em . an ' then -- an ' this be the real myst'ry of the thing -- he try to kill you , too . wanted ter make a clean job of it , I suppose , or maybe he just like killin ' by then . but he could n't do it . never wonder how you get that mark on yer forehead ? that be no ordinary cut . that be what yeh get when a powerful , evil curse touch yeh -- take care of yer mum an ' dad an ' yer house , even -- but it do n't work on you , an ' that be why yer famous , Harry . no one ever live after he decide ter kill ' em , no one except you , an ' he have kill some o ' the good witch an ' wizard of the age -- the McKinnons , the Bones , the Prewetts -- an ' you be only a baby , an ' you live . " something very painful be go on in Harry 's mind . as Hagrid 's story come to a close , he see again the blind flash of green light , more clearly than he have ever remember it before -- and he remember something else , for the first time in his life : a high , cold , cruel laugh . Hagrid be watch him sadly . " take Yeh from the ruin house myself , on Dumbledore 's order . bring yeh ter this lot ... . " " load of old tosh , " say Uncle Vernon . Harry jump ; he have almost forget that the Dursley be there . Uncle Vernon certainly seem to have get back his courage . he be glaring at Hagrid and his fist be clench . " now , you listen here , boy , " he snarl , " I accept there be something strange about you , probably nothing a good beating would n't have cure -- and as for all this about your parent , well , they be weirdoes , no deny it , and the world 's well off without them in my opinion -- ask for all they get , get mix up with these wizarding type -- just what I expect , always know they will come to a sticky end - " but at that moment , Hagrid leap from the sofa and draw a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat . point this at Uncle Vernon like a sword , he say , " I be warn you , Dursley -- I be warn you -- one more word ... " in danger of be spear on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant , Uncle Vernon 's courage fail again ; he flatten himself against the wall and fall silent . " that be good , " say Hagrid , breathe heavily and sit back down on the sofa , which this time sag right down to the floor . Harry , meanwhile , still have question to ask , hundred of them . " but what happen to Vol- , sorry -- I mean , You-Know-Who ? " " good question , Harry . disappear . vanish . same night he try ter kill you . make Yeh even more famous . that be the big myst'ry , see ... he be gettin ' more an ' more powerful -- why will he go ? " some say he die . codswallop , in my opinion . dunno if he have enough human left in him to die . some say he be still out there , bidin ' his time , like , but I don ' believe it . people who be on his side come back ter ours . some of ' em come outta kinda trance . Don ' reckon they could have do if he be comin ' back . " most of us reckon he be still out there somewhere but lose his power . too weak to carry on . ' Cause somethin ' about you finish him , Harry . there be somethin ' goin ' on that night he have n't count on -- I dunno what it be , no one do -- but somethin ' about you stump him , all right . " Hagrid look at Harry with warmth and respect blaze in his eye , but Harry , instead of feel pleased and proud , feel quite sure there have be a horrible mistake . a wizard ? him ? how could he possibly be ? he have spend his life be clout by Dudley , and bully by Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon ; if he be really a wizard , why have n't they be turn into warty toad every time they have try to lock him in his cupboard ? if he have once defeat the great sorcerer in the world , how come Dudley have always be able to kick him around like a football ? " Hagrid , " he say quietly , " I think you must have make a mistake . I do n't think I can be a wizard . " to his surprise , Hagrid chuckle . " not a wizard , eh ? never make thing happen when you be scared or angry ? " Harry look into the fire . now he come to think about it ... every odd thing that have ever make his aunt and uncle furious with him have happen when he , Harry , have be upset or angry ... chase by Dudley 's gang , he have somehow find himself out of their reach ... dread go to school with that ridiculous haircut , he have manage to make it grow back ... and the very last time Dudley have hit him , have n't he get his revenge , without even realize he be do it ? have n't he set a boa constrictor on him ? Harry look back at Hagrid , smile , and see that Hagrid be positively beaming at him . " see ? " say Hagrid . " Harry Potter , not a wizard -- you wait , you will be right famous at Hogwarts . " but Uncle Vernon be n't go to give in without a fight . " have n't I tell you he be not go ? " he hiss . " he be go to Stonewall High and he will be grateful for it . I have read those letter and he need all sort of rubbish -- spell book and wand and - " " if he want ter go , a great Muggle like you wo n't stop him , " growl Hagrid . " stop Lily an ' James Potter 's son goin ' ter Hogwarts ! Yer mad . his name have be down ever since he be bear . he be off ter the fine school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world . seven year there and he wo n't know himself . he will be with youngster of his own sort , fer a change , an ' he will be under the great headmaster Hogwarts ever have Albus Dumbled - " " I be NOT PAYING for SOME CRACKPOT Old FOOL To Teach HIM Magic TRICKS ! " yell Uncle Vernon . but he have finally go too far . Hagrid seize his umbrella and whirl it over his head , " Never - " he thunder , " - insult -- Albus -- DUMBLEDORE -- in -- Front -- of -- ME ! " he bring the umbrella swish down through the air to point at Dudley -- there be a flash of violet light , a sound like a firecracker , a sharp squeal , and the next second , Dudley be dance on the spot with his hand clasp over his fat bottom , howl in pain . when he turn his back on them , Harry see a curly pig 's tail poke through a hole in his trouser . Uncle Vernon roar . pull Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room , he cast one last terrify look at Hagrid and slam the door behind them . Hagrid look down at his umbrella and stroke his beard . " Shouldn'ta lose me temper , " he say ruefully , " but it do n't work anyway . mean ter turn him into a pig , but I suppose he be so much like a pig anyway there be n't much leave ter do . " he cast a sideways look at Harry under his bushy eyebrow . " be grateful if Yeh do n't mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts , " he say . " I be -- er -- not suppose ter do magic , strictly speakin ' . I be allow ter do a bit ter follow Yeh an ' get yer letter to yeh an ' stuff -- one o ' the reason I be so keen ter take on the job . " " why be n't you suppose to do magic ? " ask Harry . " oh , well -- I be at Hogwarts meself but I -- er -- get expel , ter tell yeh the truth . in me third year . they snap me wand in half an ' everything . but Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper . great man , Dumbledore . " " why be you expel ? " " it be gettin ' late and we have get lot ter do tomorrow , " say Hagrid loudly . " gotta get up ter town , get all yer book an ' that . " he take off his thick black coat and throw it to Harry . " you can kip under that , " he say . " Don ' mind if it wriggle a bit , I think I still get a couple o ' doormice in one o ' the pocket . "