chapter FIVE Diagon Alley Harry wake early the next morning . although he could tell it be daylight , he keep his eye shut tight . it be a dream , he tell himself firmly . I dream a giant call Hagrid come to tell me I be go to a school for wizard . when I open my eye I will be at home in my cupboard . there be suddenly a loud tap noise . and there be Aunt Petunia knock on the door , Harry think , his heart sinking . but he still do n't open his eye . it have be such a good dream . tap . tap . tap . " all right , " Harry mumble , " I be get up . " he sit up and Hagrid 's heavy coat fall off him . the hut be full of sunlight , the storm be over , Hagrid himself be asleep on the collapsed sofa , and there be an owl rap its claw on the window , a newspaper hold in its beak . Harry scramble to his foot , so happy he feel as though a large balloon be swell inside him . he go straight to the window and jerk it open . the owl swoop in and drop the newspaper on top of Hagrid , who do n't wake up . the owl then flutter onto the floor and begin to attack Hagrid 's coat . " do n't do that . " Harry try to wave the owl out of the way , but it snap its beak fiercely at him and carry on savage the coat . " Hagrid ! " say Harry loudly . " there be an owl - " " pay him , " Hagrid grunt into the sofa . " what ? " " he want payin ' fer deliverin ' the paper . look in the pocket . " Hagrid 's coat seem to be make of nothing but pocket -- bunch of key , slug pellet , ball of string , peppermint humbug , teabags ... finally , Harry pull out a handful of strange-looking coin . " give him five Knuts , " say Hagrid sleepily . " Knuts ? " " the little bronze one . " Harry count out five little bronze coin , and the owl hold out his leg so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tie to it . then he fly off through the open window . Hagrid yawn loudly , sit up , and stretch . " well be off , Harry , lot ter do today , gotta get up ter London an ' buy all yer stuff fer school . " Harry be turn over the wizard coin and look at them . he have just think of something that make him feel as though the happy balloon inside him have get a puncture . " Um -- Hagrid ? " " mm. ? " say Hagrid , who be pull on his huge boot . " I have n't get any money -- and you hear Uncle Vernon last night ... he wo n't pay for me to go and learn magic . " " do n't worry about that , " say Hagrid , stand up and scratch his head . " D'yeh think yer parent do n't leave yeh anything ? " " but if their house be destroy - " " they didn ' keep their gold in the house , boy ! Nah , first stop fer us be Gringotts . wizard ' bank . have a sausage , they be not bad cold -- an ' I wouldn ' say no teh a bit o ' yer birthday cake , neither . " " wizard have bank ? " " just the one . Gringotts . run by goblin . " Harry drop the bit of sausage he be hold . " goblin ? " " yeah -- so Yeh will be mad ter try an ' rob it , I will tell yeh that . never mess with goblin , Harry . Gringotts be the safe place in the world fer anything yeh want ter keep safe -- ' cept maybe Hogwarts . as a matter o ' fact , I gotta visit Gringotts anyway . Fer Dumbledore . Hogwarts business . " Hagrid draw himself up proudly . " he usually get me ter do important stuff fer him . Fetchin ' you -- gettin ' thing from Gringotts -- know he can trust me , see . " " get everythin ' ? come on , then . " Harry follow Hagrid out onto the rock . the sky be quite clear now and the sea gleam in the sunlight . the boat Uncle Vernon have hire be still there , with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm . " how do you get here ? " Harry ask , look around for another boat . " flew , " say Hagrid . " fly ? " " yeah -- but we will go back in this . not s'pposed ter use magic now I have get yeh . " they settle down in the boat , Harry still stare at Hagrid , try to imagine him fly . " seem a shame ter row , though , " say Hagrid , give Harry another of his sideways look . " if I be ter -- er -- speed thing up a bit , would yeh mind not mentionin ' it at Hogwarts ? " " of course not , " say Harry , eager to see more magic . Hagrid pull out the pink umbrella again , tap it twice on the side of the boat , and they speed off toward land . " why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts ? " Harry ask . " spell -- enchantment , " say Hagrid , unfold his newspaper as he speak . " they say there be dragon guardin ' the high security vault . and then yeh gotta find yer way -- Gringotts be hundred of mile under London , see . deep under the underground . Yeh will die of hunger tryin ' ter get out , even if yeh do manage ter get yer hand on summat . " Harry sit and think about this while Hagrid read his newspaper , the Daily Prophet . Harry have learn from Uncle Vernon that people like to be leave alone while they do this , but it be very difficult , he have never have so many question in his life . " ministry o ' Magic messin ' thing up as usual , " Hagrid mutter , turn the page . " there be a Ministry of Magic ? " Harry ask , before he could stop himself . " ' Course , " say Hagrid . " they want Dumbledore fer Minister , o ' course , but he will never leave Hogwarts , so old Cornelius Fudge get the job . bungler if ever there be one . so he pelt Dumbledore with owl every morning , Askin ' fer advice . " " but what do a Ministry of Magic do ? " " well , their main job be to keep it from the Muggles that there be still witch an ' wizard up an ' down the country . " " why ? " " why ? Blimey , Harry , everyone will be wantin ' magic solution to their problem . Nah , we be well leave alone . " at this moment the boat bump gently into the harbor wall . Hagrid fold up his newspaper , and they clamber up the stone step onto the street . passerby stare a lot at Hagrid as they walk through the little town to the station . Harry could n't blame them . not only be Hagrid twice as tall as anyone else , he keep point at perfectly ordinary thing like parking meter and say loudly , " see that , Harry ? thing these Muggles dream up , eh ? " " Hagrid , " say Harry , pant a bit as he run to keep up , " do you say there be dragon at Gringotts ? " " well , so they say , " say Hagrid . " Crikey , I will like a dragon . " " you will like one ? " " want one ever since I be a kid -- here we go . " they have reach the station . there be a train to London in five minute ' time . Hagrid , who do n't understand " Muggle money , " as he call it , give the bill to Harry so he could buy their ticket . people stare more than ever on the train . Hagrid take up two seat and sit knit what look like a canary-yellow circus tent . " still get yer letter , Harry ? " he ask as he count stitch . Harry take the parchment envelope out of his pocket . " good , " say Hagrid . " there be a list there of everything yeh need . " Harry unfold a second piece of paper he have n't notice the night before , and read : HOGWARTS School of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY uniform First-year student will require : 1 . three set of plain work robe ( black ) @card@ . one plain pointed hat ( black ) for day wear @card@ . one pair of protective glove ( dragon hide or similar ) @card@ . one winter cloak ( black , silver fastening ) Please note that all pupil ' clothes should carry name tag Course BOOKS all student should have a copy of each of the following : the Standard Book of Spells ( Grade 1)by Miranda Goshawk a history of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginners ' Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch One Thousand Magical Herb and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and where to find Them by Newt Scamander the dark force : a Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble Other Equipment @card@ wand @card@ cauldron ( pewter , standard size @card@ ) @card@ set of glass or crystal phial @card@ telescope set @card@ brass scale student may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad parent be REMINDED THAT FIRST year be NOT ALLOWED THEIR Own BROOMSTICKS " can we buy all this in London ? " Harry wonder aloud . " if yeh know where to go , " say Hagrid . Harry have never be to London before . although Hagrid seem to know where he be go , he be obviously not use to get there in an ordinary way . he get stick in the ticket barrier on the underground , and complain loudly that the seat be too small and the train too slow . " I do n't know how the Muggles manage without magic , " he say as they climb a broken-down escalator that lead up to a bustle road line with shop . Hagrid be so huge that he part the crowd easily ; all Harry have to do be keep close behind him . they pass book shop and music store , hamburger restaurant and cinema , but nowhere that look as if it could sell you a magic wand . this be just an ordinary street full of ordinary people . could there really be pile of wizard gold bury mile beneath them ? be there really shop that sell spell book and broomstick ? might this not all be some huge joke that the Dursley have cook up ? if Harry have n't know that the Dursley have no sense of humor , he might have think so ; yet somehow , even though everything Hagrid have tell him so far be unbelievable , Harry could n't help trust him . " this be it , " say Hagrid , come to a halt , " the Leaky Cauldron . it be a famous place . " it be a tiny , grubby-looking pub . if Hagrid have n't point it out , Harry would n't have notice it be there . the people hurry by do n't glance at it . their eye slide from the big book shop on one side to the record shop on the other as if they could n't see the Leaky Cauldron at all . in fact , Harry have the most peculiar feeling that only he and Hagrid could see it . before he could mention this , Hagrid have steer him inside . for a famous place , it be very dark and shabby . a few old woman be sit in a corner , drink tiny glass of sherry . one of them be smoke a long pipe . a little man in a top hat be talk to the old bartender , who be quite bald and look like a toothless walnut . the low buzz of chatter stop when they walk in . everyone seem to know Hagrid ; they wave and smile at him , and the bartender reach for a glass , say , " the usual , Hagrid ? " " can n't , Tom , I be on Hogwarts business , " say Hagrid , clap his great hand on Harry 's shoulder and make Harry 's knee buckle . " Good Lord , " say the bartender , peer at Harry , " be this -- can this be - ? " the Leaky Cauldron have suddenly go completely still and silent . " bless my soul , " whisper the old bartender , " Harry Potter ... what an honor . " he hurry out from behind the bar , rush toward Harry and seize his hand , tear in his eye . " welcome back , Mr. Potter , welcome back . " Harry do n't know what to say . everyone be look at him . the old woman with the pipe be puff on it without realize it have go out . Hagrid be beaming . then there be a great scrape of chair and the next moment , Harry find himself shake hand with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron . " Doris Crockford , Mr. Potter , ca n't believe I be meet you at last . " " so proud , Mr. Potter , I be just so proud . " " always want to shake your hand -- I be all of a flutter . " " delighted , Mr. Potter , just ca n't tell you , Diggle be the name , Dedalus Diggle . " " I have see you before ! " say Harry , as Dedalus Diggle 's top hat fall off in his excitement . " you bow to me once in a shop . " " he remember ! " cry Dedalus Diggle , look around at everyone . " do you hear that ? he remember me ! " Harry shake hand again and again -- Doris Crockford keep come back for more . a pale young man make his way forward , very nervously . one of his eye be twitch . " Professor Quirrell ! " say Hagrid . " Harry , Professor Quirrell will be one of your teacher at Hogwarts . " " P-P-Potter , " stammer Professor Quirrell , grasp Harry 's hand , " c-ca n't t-tell you how ppleased I be to meet you . " " what sort of magic do you teach , Professor Quirrell ? " " D-Defense against the D-D-Dark Art , " mutter Professor Quirrell , as though he will rather not think about it . " N-not that you n-need it , eh , P-P-Potter ? " he laugh nervously . " you will be ggetting all your equipment , I suppose ? I have g-got to p-pick up a new b-book on vampire , mmyself . " he look terrify at the very think . but the other would n't let Professor Quirrell keep Harry to himself . it take almost ten minute to get away from them all . at last , Hagrid manage to make himself hear over the babble . " must get on -- lot ter buy . come on , Harry . " Doris Crockford shake Harry 's hand one last time , and Hagrid lead them through the bar and out into a small , walled courtyard , where there be nothing but a trash can and a few weed . Hagrid grin at Harry . " tell Yeh , do n't I ? tell yeh you be famous . even Professor Quirrell be tremblin ' ter meet yeh -- mind you , he be usually tremblin ' . " " be he always that nervous ? " " oh , yeah . poor bloke . brilliant mind . he be fine while he be studyin ' outta book but then he take a year off ter get some firsthand experience ... they say he meet vampire in the Black Forest , and there be a nasty bit o ' trouble with a hag -- never be the same since . scare of the student , scare of his own subject -- now , where be me umbrella ? " vampire ? hag ? Harry 's head be swim . Hagrid , meanwhile , be count brick in the wall above the trash can . " three up ... two across ... " he mutter . " right , stand back , Harry . " he tap the wall three time with the point of his umbrella . the brick he have touch quiver -- it wriggle -- in the middle , a small hole appear -- it grow wide and wide -- a second later they be face an archway large enough even for Hagrid , an archway onto a cobble street that twist and turn out of sight . " welcome , " say Hagrid , " to Diagon Alley . " he grin at Harry 's amazement . they step through the archway . Harry look quickly over his shoulder and see the archway shrink instantly back into solid wall . the sun shine brightly on a stack of cauldron outside the near shop . cauldron -- All Sizes -- Copper , Brass , Pewter , Silver -- Self-Stirring -- Collapsible , say a sign hang over them . " yeah , you will be needin ' one , " say Hagrid , " but we gotta get yer money first . " Harry wish he have about eight more eye . he turn his head in every direction as they walk up the street , try to look at everything at once : the shop , the thing outside them , the people do their shopping . a plump woman outside an Apothecary be shake her head as they pass , say , " Dragon liver , sixteen Sickles an ounce , they be mad ... " a low , soft hoot come from a dark shop with a sign say Eeylops Owl Emporium -- Tawny , Screech , Barn , Brown , and Snowy . several boy of about Harry 's age have their nose press against a window with broomstick in it . " look , " Harry hear one of them say , " the new Nimbus Two Thousand -- fast ever - " there be shop sell robe , shop sell telescope and strange silver instrument Harry have never see before , window stack with barrel of bat spleen and eel ' eye , totter pile of spell book , quill , and roll of parchment , potion bottle , globe of the moon ... " Gringotts , " say Hagrid . they have reach a snowy white building that towered over the other little shop . stand beside its burnish bronze door , wear a uniform of scarlet and gold , be - " Yeah , that be a goblin , " say Hagrid quietly as they walk up the white stone step toward him . the goblin be about a head short than Harry . he have a swarthy , clever face , a pointed beard and , Harry notice , very long finger and foot . he bow as they walk inside . now they be face a second pair of door , silver this time , with word engrave upon them : enter , stranger , but take heed of what await the sin of greed , for those who take , but do not earn , must pay most dearly in their turn . so if you seek beneath our floor a treasure that be never yours , thief , you have be warn , beware of find more than treasure there . " like I say , Yeh will be mad ter try an ' rob it , " say Hagrid . a pair of goblin bow them through the silver door and they be in a vast marble hall . about a hundred more goblin be sit on high stool behind a long counter , scribble in large ledger , weigh coin in brass scale , examine precious stone through eyeglass . there be too many door to count lead off the hall , and yet more goblin be show people in and out of these . Hagrid and Harry make for the counter . " morning , " say Hagrid to a free goblin . " we have come ter take some money outta Mr. Harry Potter 's safe . " " you have his key , sir ? " " get it here somewhere , " say Hagrid , and he start empty his pocket onto the counter , scatter a handful of moldy dog biscuit over the goblin 's book of number . the goblin wrinkle his nose . Harry watch the goblin on their right weigh a pile of ruby as big as glowing coal . " got it , " say Hagrid at last , hold up a tiny golden key . the goblin look at it closely . " that seem to be in order . " " an ' I have also get a letter here from Professor Dumbledore , " say Hagrid importantly , throw out his chest . " it be about the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen . " the goblin read the letter carefully . " very well , " he say , hand it back to Hagrid , " I will have someone take you down to both vault . Griphook ! " Griphook be yet another goblin . once Hagrid have cram all the dog biscuit back inside his pocket , he and Harry follow Griphook toward one of the door lead off the hall . " what be the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen ? " Harry ask . " can n't tell yeh that , " say Hagrid mysteriously . " very secret . Hogwarts business . Dumbledore 's trust me . More'n my job 's worth ter tell yeh that . " Griphook hold the door open for them . Harry , who have expect more marble , be surprise . they be in a narrow stone passageway light with flaming torch . it slope steeply downward and there be little railway track on the floor . Griphook whistle and a small cart come hurtle up the track toward them . they climb in -- Hagrid with some difficulty -- and be off . at first they just hurtle through a maze of twist passage . Harry try to remember , left , right , right , left , middle fork , right , leave , but it be impossible . the rattle cart seem to know its own way , because Griphook be n't steer . Harry 's eye sting as the cold air rush past them , but he keep them wide open . once , he think he see a burst of fire at the end of a passage and twist around to see if it be a dragon , but too late -- they plunge even deep , pass an underground lake where huge stalactite and stalagmite grow from the ceiling and floor . " I never know , " Harry call to Hagrid over the noise of the cart , " what be the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite ? " " stalagmite have get an ' m ' in it , " say Hagrid . " an ' don ' ask me question just now , I think I be gonna be sick . " he do look very green , and when the cart stop at last beside a small door in the passage wall , Hagrid get out and have to lean against the wall to stop his knee from tremble . Griphook unlock the door . a lot of green smoke come billow out , and as it clear , Harry gasp . inside be mound of gold coin . column of silver . heap of little bronze Knuts . " all yours , " smile Hagrid . all Harry 's -- it be incredible . the Dursley could n't have know about this or they will have have it from him faster than blink . how often have they complain how much Harry cost them to keep ? and all the time there have be a small fortune belong to him , bury deep under London . Hagrid help Harry pile some of it into a bag . " the gold one be Galleons , " he explain . " seventeen silver Sickles to a Galleon and twentynine Knuts to a Sickle , it be easy enough . right , that should be enough fer a couple o ' term , we will keep the rest safe for Yeh . " he turn to Griphook . " vault seven hundred and thirteen now , please , and can we go more slowly ? " " one speed only , " say Griphook . they be go even deeper now and gather speed . the air become cold and cold as they hurtle round tight corner . they go rattle over an underground ravine , and Harry lean over the side to try to see what be down at the dark bottom , but Hagrid groan and pull him back by the scruff of his neck . vault seven hundred and thirteen have no keyhole . " stand back , " say Griphook importantly . he stroke the door gently with one of his long finger and it simply melt away . " if anyone but a Gringotts goblin try that , they will be suck through the door and trap in there , " say Griphook . " how often do you check to see if anyone 's inside ? " Harry ask . " about once every ten year , " say Griphook with a rather nasty grin . something really extraordinary have to be inside this top security vault , Harry be sure , and he lean forward eagerly , expect to see fabulous jewel at the very least -- but at first he think it be empty . then he notice a grubby little package wrap up in brown paper lie on the floor . Hagrid pick it up and tuck it deep inside his coat . Harry long to know what it be , but know good than to ask . " come on , back in this infernal cart , and do n't talk to me on the way back , it be good if I keep me mouth shut , " say Hagrid . one wild cart ride later they stand blink in the sunlight outside Gringotts . Harry do n't know where to run first now that he have a bag full of money . he do n't have to know how many Galleons there be to a pound to know that he be hold more money than he have have in his whole life -- more money than even Dudley have ever have . " might as well get yer uniform , " say Hagrid , nod toward Madam Malkin 's Robes for all occasion . " listen , Harry , would yeh mind if I slip off fer a pick-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron ? I hate them Gringotts cart . " he do still look a bit sick , so Harry enter Madam Malkin 's shop alone , feel nervous . madam Malkin be a squat , smile witch dress all in mauve . " Hogwarts , dear ? " she say , when Harry start to speak . " get the lot here -- another young man be fit up just now , in fact . " in the back of the shop , a boy with a pale , point face be stand on a footstool while a second witch pin up his long black robe . madam Malkin stand Harry on a stool next to him slip a long robe over his head , and begin to pin it to the right length . " hello , " say the boy , " Hogwarts , too ? " " yes , " say Harry . " my father 's next door buy my book and mother be up the street look at wand , " say the boy . he have a bored , drawl voice . " then I be go to drag them off to look at race broom . I do n't see why first year ca n't have their own . I think I will bully father into get me one and I will smuggle it in somehow . " Harry be strongly remind of Dudley . " have you get your own broom ? " the boy go on . " no , " say Harry . " Play Quidditch at all ? " " no , " Harry say again , wonder what on earth Quidditch could be . " I do -- Father say it be a crime if I be not pick to play for my house , and I must say , I agree . know what house you will be in yet ? " " no , " say Harry , feel more stupid by the minute . " well , no one really know until they get there , do they , but I know I will be in Slytherin , all our family have be -- imagine be in Hufflepuff , I think I will leave , would n't you ? " " Mmm , " say Harry , wish he could say something a bit more interesting . " I say , look at that man ! " say the boy suddenly , nod toward the front window . Hagrid be stand there , grin at Harry and point at two large ice cream to show he could n't come in . " that be Hagrid , " say Harry , please to know something the boy do n't . " he work at Hogwarts . " " oh , " say the boy , " I have hear of him . he be a sort of servant , be n't he ? " " he be the gamekeeper , " say Harry . he be like the boy less and less every second . " yes , exactly . I hear he be a sort of savage -- life in a hut on the school ground and every now and then he get drunk , try to do magic , and end up set fire to his bed . " " I think he be brilliant , " say Harry coldly . " do you ? " say the boy , with a slight sneer . " why be he with you ? where be your parent ? " " they be dead , " say Harry shortly . he do n't feel much like go into the matter with this boy . " oh , sorry , " say the other , not sound sorry at all . " but they be our kind , be n't they ? " " they be a witch and wizard , if that be what you mean . " " I really do n't think they should let the other sort in , do you ? they be just not the same , they have never be bring up to know our way . some of them have never even hear of Hogwarts until they get the letter , imagine . I think they should keep it in the old wizarding family . what be your surname , anyway ? " but before Harry could answer , Madam Malkin say , " that have you do , my dear , " and Harry , not sorry for an excuse to stop talk to the boy , hop down from the footstool . " well , I will see you at Hogwarts , I suppose , " say the drawl boy . Harry be rather quiet as he eat the ice cream Hagrid have buy him ( chocolate and raspberry with chop nut ) . " what be up ? " say Hagrid . " nothing , " Harry lie . they stop to buy parchment and quill . Harry cheer up a bit when he find a bottle of ink that change color as you write . when they have leave the shop , he say , " Hagrid , what be Quidditch ? " " Blimey , Harry , I keep forgettin ' how little yeh know -- not knowin ' about Quidditch ! " " do n't make me feel bad , " say Harry . he tell Hagrid about the pale boy in Madam Malkin 's . " - and he say people from Muggle family should n't even be allow in - " " Yer not from a Muggle family . if he have know who Yeh be -- he be grow up knowin ' yer name if his parent be wizardin ' folk . you see what everyone in the Leaky Cauldron be like when they see yeh . anyway , what do he know about it , some o ' the good I ever see be the only one with magic in ' em in a long line o ' Muggles -- look at yer mum ! look what she have fer a sister ! " " so what be Quidditch ? " " it be our sport . wizard sport . it be like -- like soccer in the Muggle world -- everyone follow Quidditch -- play up in the air on broomstick and there be four ball -- sorta hard ter explain the rule . " " and what be Slytherin and Hufflepuff ? " " school house . there be four . everyone say Hufflepuff be a lot o ' duffer , but - " " I bet I be in Hufflepuff , " say Harry gloomily . " good Hufflepuff than Slytherin , " say Hagrid darkly . " there be not a single witch or wizard who go bad who be n't in Slytherin . You-Know-Who be one . " " Vol- , sorry - You-Know-Who be at Hogwarts ? " " year an ' year ago , " say Hagrid . they buy Harry 's school book in a shop call Flourish and Blotts where the shelf be stack to the ceiling with book as large as pave stone bind in leather ; book the size of postage stamp in cover of silk ; book full of peculiar symbol and a few book with nothing in them at all . even Dudley , who never read anything , would have be wild to get his hand on some of these . Hagrid almost have to drag Harry away from Curses and Countercurses ( Bewitch your friend and Befuddle your enemy with the Latest Revenges : hair loss , Jelly-Legs , Tongue-Tying and much , much more ) by Professor Vindictus Viridian . " I be try to find out how to curse Dudley . " " I be not sayin ' that be not a good idea , but yer not ter use magic in the Muggle world except in very special circumstance , " say Hagrid . " an ' anyway , yeh couldn ' work any of them curse yet , yeh will need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level . " Hagrid would n't let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron , either ( " it say pewter on yer list " ) , but they get a nice set of scale for weigh potion ingredient and a collapsible brass telescope . then they visit the Apothecary , which be fascinating enough to make up for its horrible smell , a mixture of bad egg and rot cabbage . barrel of slimy stuff stand on the floor ; jar of herb , dry root , and bright powder line the wall ; bundle of feather , string of fang , and snarl claw hang from the ceiling . while Hagrid ask the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredient for Harry , Harry himself examine silver unicorn horn at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule , glittery-black beetle eye ( five Knuts a scoop ) . outside the Apothecary , Hagrid check Harry 's list again . " just yer wand leave -- a yeah , an ' I still have n't get yeh a birthday present . " Harry feel himself go red . " you do n't have to - " " I know I do n't have to . tell yeh what , I will get yer animal . not a toad , toad go outta fashion year ago , yeh will be laugh at -- an ' I don ' like cat , they make me sneeze . I will get yer an owl . all the kid want owl , they be dead useful , carry yer mail an ' everythin ' . " twenty minute later , they leave Eeylops Owl Emporium , which have be dark and full of rustle and flicker , jewel-bright eye . Harry now carry a large cage that hold a beautiful snowy owl , fast asleep with her head under her wing . he could n't stop stammer his thanks , sound just like Professor Quirrell . " Don ' mention it , " say Hagrid gruffly . " Don ' expect you have have a lotta present from them Dursley . just Ollivanders leave now -- only place fer wand , Ollivanders , and yeh gotta have the good wand . " a magic wand ... this be what Harry have be really look forward to . the last shop be narrow and shabby . peel gold letter over the door read Ollivanders : maker of Fine Wands since @card@ B.C. a single wand lie on a fade purple cushion in the dusty window . a tinkling bell ring somewhere in the depth of the shop as they step inside . it be a tiny place , empty except for a single , spindly chair that Hagrid sit on to wait . Harry feel strangely as though he have enter a very strict library ; he swallow a lot of new question that have just occur to him and look instead at the thousand of narrow box pile neatly right up to the ceiling . for some reason , the back of his neck prickle . the very dust and silence in here seem to tingle with some secret magic . " good afternoon , " say a soft voice . Harry jump . Hagrid must have jump , too , because there be a loud crunch noise and he get quickly off the spindly chair . an old man be stand before them , his wide , pale eye shine like moon through the gloom of the shop . " hello , " say Harry awkwardly . " ah yes , " say the man . " yes , yes . I think I will be see you soon . Harry Potter . " it be n't a question . " you have your mother 's eye . it seem only yesterday she be in here herself , buy her first wand . Ten and a quarter inch long , swishy , make of willow . nice wand for charm work . " Mr. Ollivander move closer to Harry . Harry wish he would blink . those silvery eye be a bit creepy . " your father , on the other hand , favor a mahogany wand . eleven inch . pliable . a little more power and excellent for transfiguration . well , I say your father favor it -- it be really the wand that choose the wizard , of course . " Mr. Ollivander have come so close that he and Harry be almost nose to nose . Harry could see himself reflect in those misty eye . " and that be where ... " Mr. Ollivander touch the lightning scar on Harry 's forehead with a long , white finger . " I be sorry to say I sell the wand that do it , " he say softly . " Thirteen-and-a-half inch . Yew . powerful wand , very powerful , and in the wrong hand ... well , if I have know what that wand be go out into the world to do ... " he shake his head and then , to Harry 's relief , spot Hagrid . " Rubeus ! Rubeus Hagrid ! how nice to see you again ... Oak , sixteen inch , rather bendy , be n't it ? " " it be , sir , yes , " say Hagrid . " good wand , that one . but I suppose they snap it in half when you get expel ? " say Mr. Ollivander , suddenly stern . " er -- yes , they do , yes , " say Hagrid , shuffle his foot . " I have still get the piece , though , " he add brightly . " but you do n't use them ? " say Mr. Ollivander sharply . " oh , no , sir , " say Hagrid quickly . Harry notice he grip his pink umbrella very tightly as he speak . " hmmm , " say Mr. Ollivander , give Hagrid a piercing look . " well , now -- Mr. Potter . let me see . " he pull a long tape measure with silver marking out of his pocket . " which be your wand arm ? " " er -- well , I be right-handed , " say Harry . " hold out your arm . that be it . " he measure Harry from shoulder to finger , then wrist to elbow , shoulder to floor , knee to armpit and round his head . as he measure , he say , " Every Ollivander wand have a core of a powerful magical substance , Mr. Potter . we use unicorn hair , phoenix tail feather , and the heartstrings of dragon . no two Ollivander wand be the same , just as no two unicorn , dragon , or phoenix be quite the same . and of course , you will never get such good result with another wizard 's wand . " Harry suddenly realize that the tape measure , which be measure between his nostril , be do this on its own . Mr. Ollivander be flit around the shelf , take down box . " that will do , " he say , and the tape measure crumple into a heap on the floor . " right then , Mr. Potter . try this one . beechwood and dragon heartstring . nine inch . nice and flexible . just take it and give it a wave . " Harry take the wand and ( feel foolish ) wave it around a bit , but Mr. Ollivander snatch it out of his hand almost at once . " Maple and phoenix feather . seven inch . quite whippy . try - " Harry try -- but he have hardly raise the wand when it , too , be snatch back by Mr. Ollivander . " no , no -- here , ebony and unicorn hair , eight and a half inch , springy . go on , go on , try it out . " Harry try . and try . he have no idea what Mr. Ollivander be wait for . the pile of tried wand be mount high and high on the spindly chair , but the more wand Mr. Ollivander pull from the shelf , the happy he seem to become . " tricky customer , eh ? not to worry , we will find the perfect match here somewhere -- I wonder , now -- yes , why not -- unusual combination -- holly and phoenix feather , eleven inch , nice and supple . " Harry take the wand . he feel a sudden warmth in his finger . he raise the wand above his head , bring it swish down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold spark shoot from the end like a firework , throw dance spot of light on to the wall . Hagrid whoop and clap and Mr. Ollivander cry , " oh , bravo ! yes , indeed , oh , very good . well , well , well ... how curious ... how very curious ... " he put Harry 's wand back into its box and wrap it in brown paper , still mutter , " Curious ... curious ... " " sorry , " say Harry , " but what be curious ? " Mr. Ollivander fix Harry with his pale stare . " I remember every wand I have ever sell , Mr. Potter . every single wand . it so happen that the phoenix whose tail feather be in your wand , give another feather -- just one other . it be very curious indeed that you should be destine for this wand when its brother -- why , its brother give you that scar . " Harry swallow . " yes , thirteen-and-a-half inch . Yew . curious indeed how these thing happen . the wand choose the wizard , remember ... I think we must expect great thing from you , Mr. Potter ... after all , He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named do great thing -- terrible , yes , but great . " Harry shiver . he be n't sure he like Mr. Ollivander too much . he pay seven gold Galleons for his wand , and Mr. Ollivander bow them from his shop . the late afternoon sun hang low in the sky as Harry and Hagrid make their way back down Diagon Alley , back through the wall , back through the Leaky Cauldron , now empty . Harry do n't speak at all as they walk down the road ; he do n't even notice how much people be gawk at them on the underground , laden as they be with all their funny-shaped package , with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Harry 's lap . up another escalator , out into Paddington station ; Harry only realize where they be when Hagrid tap him on the shoulder . " get time fer a bite to eat before yer train leave , " he say . he buy Harry a hamburger and they sit down on plastic seat to eat them . Harry keep look around . everything look so strange , somehow . " you all right , Harry ? Yer very quiet , " say Hagrid . Harry be n't sure he could explain . he have just have the good birthday of his life -- and yet -- he chew his hamburger , try to find the word . " everyone think I be special , " he say at last . " all those people in the Leaky Cauldron , Professor Quirrell , Mr. Ollivander ... but I do n't know anything about magic at all . how can they expect great thing ? I be famous and I ca n't even remember what I be famous for . I do n't know what happen when Vol- , sorry -- I mean , the night my parent die . " Hagrid lean across the table . behind the wild beard and eyebrow he wear a very kind smile . " Don ' you worry , Harry . you will learn fast enough . everyone start at the beginning at Hogwarts , you will be just fine . just be yerself . I know it be hard . Yeh have be single out , an ' that be always hard . but Yeh will have a great time at Hogwarts -- I do -- still do , ' smatter of fact . " Hagrid help Harry on to the train that would take him back to the Dursley , then hand him an envelope . " Yer ticket fer Hogwarts , " he say . " first o ' September -- King 's Cross -- it be all on yer ticket . any problem with the Dursley , send me a letter with yer owl , she will know where to find me ... . see yeh soon , Harry . " the train pull out of the station . Harry want to watch Hagrid until he be out of sight ; he rise in his seat and press his nose against the window , but he blink and Hagrid have go .