chapter Six The Journey from Platform Nine and Three-Quarters Harry 's last month with the Dursley be n't fun . true , Dudley be now so scare of Harry he would n't stay in the same room , while Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon do n't shut Harry in his cupboard , force him to do anything , or shout at him -- in fact , they do n't speak to him at all . half terrify , half furious , they act as though any chair with Harry in it be empty . although this be an improvement in many way , it do become a bit depress after a while . Harry keep to his room , with his new owl for company . he have decide to call her Hedwig , a name he have find in a history of Magic . his school book be very interesting . he lie on his bed reading late into the night , Hedwig swoop in and out of the open window as she please . it be lucky that Aunt Petunia do n't come in to vacuum anymore , because Hedwig keep bring back dead mouse . every night before he go to sleep , Harry tick off another day on the piece of paper he have pin to the wall , count down to September the first . on the last day of August he think he will well speak to his aunt and uncle about get to King 's Cross station the next day , so he go down to the live room where they be watch a quiz show on television . he clear his throat to let them know he be there , and Dudley scream and run from the room . " er -- Uncle Vernon ? " Uncle Vernon grunt to show he be listen . " er -- I need to be at King 's Cross tomorrow to -- to go to Hogwarts . " Uncle Vernon grunt again . " would it be all right if you give me a lift ? " grunt . Harry suppose that mean yes . " thank you . " he be about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon actually speak . " funny way to get to a wizard ' school , the train . magic carpet all get puncture , have they ? " Harry do n't say anything . " where be this school , anyway ? " " I do n't know , " say Harry , realize this for the first time . he pull the ticket Hagrid have give him out of his pocket . " I just take the train from platform nine and three-quarter at eleven o'clock , " he read . his aunt and uncle stare . " platform what ? " " nine and three-quarter . " " do n't talk rubbish , " say Uncle Vernon . " there be no platform nine and three-quarter . " " it be on my ticket . " " bark , " say Uncle Vernon , " howl mad , the lot of them . you will see . you just wait . all right , we will take you to King 's Cross . we be go up to London tomorrow anyway , or I would n't bother . " " why be you go to London ? " Harry ask , try to keep thing friendly . " take Dudley to the hospital , " growl Uncle Vernon . " get to have that ruddy tail remove before he go to Smeltings . " Harry wake at five o'clock the next morning and be too excited and nervous to go back to sleep . he get up and pull on his jean because he do n't want to walk into the station in his wizard 's robe -- he will change on the train . he check his Hogwarts list yet again to make sure he have everything he need , see that Hedwig be shut safely in her cage , and then pace the room , wait for the Dursley to get up . two hour later , Harry 's huge , heavy trunk have be load into the Dursley ' car , Aunt Petunia have talk Dudley into sit next to Harry , and they have set off . they reach King 's Cross at half past ten . Uncle Vernon dump Harry 's trunk onto a cart and wheel it into the station for him . Harry think this be strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stop dead , face the platform with a nasty grin on his face . " well , there you be , boy . platform nine -- platform ten . your platform should be somewhere in the middle , but they do n't seem to have build it yet , do they ? " he be quite right , of course . there be a big plastic number nine over one platform and a big plastic number ten over the one next to it , and in the middle , nothing at all . " have a good term , " say Uncle Vernon with an even nasty smile . he leave without another word . Harry turn and see the Dursley drive away . all three of them be laugh . Harry 's mouth go rather dry . what on earth be he go to do ? he be start to attract a lot of funny look , because of Hedwig . he will have to ask someone . he stop a pass guard , but do n't dare mention platform nine and three-quarter . the guard have never hear of Hogwarts and when Harry could n't even tell him what part of the country it be in , he start to get annoyed , as though Harry be be stupid on purpose . get desperate , Harry ask for the train that leave at eleven o'clock , but the guard say there be n't one . in the end the guard stride away , mutter about time waster . Harry be now try hard not to panic . accord to the large clock over the arrival board , he have ten minute leave to get on the train to Hogwarts and he have no idea how to do it ; he be strand in the middle of a station with a trunk he could hardly lift , a pocket full of wizard money , and a large owl . Hagrid must have forget to tell him something you have to do , like tap the third brick on the leave to get into Diagon Alley . he wonder if he should get out his wand and start tap the ticket inspector 's stand between platform nine and ten . at that moment a group of people pass just behind him and he catch a few word of what they be say . " - pack with Muggles , of course - " Harry swing round . the speaker be a plump woman who be talk to four boy , all with flame red hair . each of them be push a trunk like Harry 's in front of him -- and they have an owl . heart hammering , Harry push his cart after them . they stop and so do he , just near enough to hear what they be say . " now , what be the platform number ? " say the boy ' mother . " nine and three-quarter ! " pipe a small girl , also red-headed , who be hold her hand , " Mom , ca n't I go ... " " you be not old enough , Ginny , now be quiet . all right , Percy , you go first . " what look like the old boy march toward platform nine and ten . Harry watch , careful not to blink in case he miss it -- but just as the boy reach the divide barrier between the two platform , a large crowd of tourist come swarm in front of him and by the time the last backpack have clear away , the boy have vanish . " Fred , you next , " the plump woman say . " I be not Fred , I be George , " say the boy . " honestly , woman , you call yourself our mother ? can n't you tell I be George ? " " sorry , George , dear . " " only joke , I be Fred , " say the boy , and off he go . his twin call after him to hurry up , and he must have do so , because a second later , he have go -- but how have he do it ? now the third brother be walk briskly toward the barrier he be almost there -- and then , quite suddenly , he be n't anywhere . there be nothing else for it . " excuse me , " Harry say to the plump woman . " hello , dear , " she say . " first time at Hogwarts ? Ron 's new , too . " she point at the last and young of her son . he be tall , thin , and gangling , with freckle , big hand and foot , and a long nose . " yes , " say Harry . " the thing be -- the thing be , I do n't know how to - " " how to get onto the platform ? " she say kindly , and Harry nod . " not to worry , " she say . " all you have to do be walk straight at the barrier between platform nine and ten . do n't stop and do n't be scare you will crash into it , that be very important . good do it at a bit of a run if you be nervous . go on , go now before Ron . " " er -- okay , " say Harry . he push his trolley around and stare at the barrier . it look very solid . he start to walk toward it . people jostle him on their way to platform nine and ten . Harry walk more quickly . he be go to smash right into that barrier and then he will be in trouble -- lean forward on his cart , he break into a heavy run -- the barrier be come near and near -- he would n't be able to stop -- the cart be out of control -- he be a foot away -- he close his eye ready for the crash - it do n't come ... he keep on run ... he open his eye . a scarlet steam engine be wait next to a platform pack with people . a sign overhead say Hogwarts ' Express , eleven o'clock . Harry look behind him and see a wrought-iron archway where the barrier have be , with the word platform nine and Three-Quarters on it , he have do it . smoke from the engine drift over the head of the chatter crowd , while cat of every color wind here and there between their leg . owl hoot to one another in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble and the scrape of heavy trunk . the first few carriage be already pack with student , some hang out of the window to talk to their family , some fighting over seat . Harry push his cart off down the platform in search of an empty seat . he pass a round-faced boy who be say , " Gran , I have lose my toad again . " " oh , Neville , " he hear the old woman sigh . a boy with dreadlock be surround by a small crowd . " give us a look , Lee , go on . " the boy lift the lid of a box in his arm , and the people around him shriek and yell as something inside poke out a long , hairy leg . Harry press on through the crowd until he find an empty compartment near the end of the train . he put Hedwig inside first and then start to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door . he try to lift it up the step but could hardly raise one end and twice he drop it painfully on his foot . " want a hand ? " it be one of the red-haired twin he have follow through the barrier . " yes , please , " Harry pant . " Oy , Fred ! C'mere and help ! " with the twin ' help , Harry 's trunk be at last tuck away in a corner of the compartment . " thanks , " say Harry , push his sweaty hair out of his eye . " what be that ? " say one of the twin suddenly , point at Harry 's lightning scar . " Blimey , " say the other twin . " be you - ? " " he be , " say the first twin . " be n't you ? " he add to Harry . " what ? " say Harry . " Harry Potter . " chorus the twin . " oh , him , " say Harry . " I mean , yes , I be . " the two boy gawk at him , and Harry feel himself turn red . then , to his relief , a voice come float in through the train 's open door . " Fred ? George ? be you there ? " " come , Mom . " with a last look at Harry , the twin hop off the train . Harry sit down next to the window where , half hidden , he could watch the red-haired family on the platform and hear what they be say . their mother have just take out her handkerchief . " Ron , you have get something on your nose . " the young boy try to jerk out of the way , but she grab him and begin rub the end of his nose . " mom - geroff " he wriggle free . " aaah , have ickle Ronnie get somefink on his nosie ? " say one of the twin . " shut up , " say Ron . " where be Percy ? " say their mother . " he be come now . " the old boy come stride into sight . he have already change into his billow black Hogwarts robe , and Harry notice a red and gold badge on his chest with the letter P on it . " can n't stay long , Mother , " he say . " I be up front , the prefect have get two compartment to themselves - " " oh , be you a prefect , Percy ? " say one of the twin , with an air of great surprise . " you should have say something , we have no idea . " " hang on , I think I remember him say something about it , " say the other twin . " once - " " or twice - " " a minute - " " all summer - " " oh , shut up , " say Percy the prefect . " how come Percy get new robe , anyway ? " say one of the twin . " because he be a prefect , " say their mother fondly . " all right , dear , well , have a good term -- send me an owl when you get there . " she kiss Percy on the cheek and he leave . then she turn to the twin . " now , you two -- this year , you behave yourselves . if I get one more owl tell me you have -- you have blow up a toilet or - " " Blown up a toilet ? we have never blow up a toilet . " " great idea though , thanks , Mom . " " it be not funny . and look after Ron . " " do n't worry , ickle Ronniekins be safe with us . " " shut up , " say Ron again . he be almost as tall as the twin already and his nose be still pink where his mother have rub it . " hey , Mom , guess what ? guess who we just meet on the train ? " Harry lean back quickly so they could n't see him look . " you know that black-haired boy who be near us in the station ? know who he be ? " " who ? " " Harry Potter ! " Harry hear the little girl 's voice . " oh , Mom , can I go on the train and see him , Mom , eh please ... " " you have already see him , Ginny , and the poor boy be n't something you goggle at in a zoo . be he really , Fred ? how do you know ? " " ask him . see his scar . it be really there -- like lightning . " " poor dear -- no wonder he be alone , I wonder . he be ever so polite when he ask how to get onto the platform . " " never mind that , do you think he remember what You-Know-Who look like ? " their mother suddenly become very stern . " I forbid you to ask him , Fred . no , do n't you dare . as though he need remind of that on his first day at school . " " all right , keep your hair on . " a whistle sound . " hurry up ! " their mother say , and the three boy clamber onto the train . they lean out of the window for her to kiss them good-bye , and their young sister begin to cry . " do n't , Ginny , we will send you load of owl . " " we will send you a Hogwarts ' toilet seat . " " George ! " " only joke , Mom . " the train begin to move . Harry see the boy ' mother wave and their sister , half laughing , half crying , run to keep up with the train until it gather too much speed , then she fall back and wave . Harry watch the girl and her mother disappear as the train round the corner . house flash past the window . Harry feel a great leap of excitement . he do n't know what he be go to -- but it have to be good than what he be leave behind . the door of the compartment slide open and the young redheaded boy come in . " anyone sit there ? " he ask , point at the seat opposite Harry . " everywhere else be full . " Harry shake his head and the boy sit down . he glance at Harry and then look quickly out of the window , pretend he have n't look . Harry see he still have a black mark on his nose . " hey , Ron . " the twin be back . " listen , we be go down the middle of the train -- Lee Jordan 's get a giant tarantula down there . " " right , " mumble Ron . " Harry , " say the other twin , " do we introduce ourselves ? Fred and George Weasley . and this be Ron , our brother . see you later , then . " " bye , " say Harry and Ron . the twin slide the compartment door shut behind them . " be you really Harry Potter ? " Ron blurt out . Harry nod . " oh -- well , I think it might be one of Fred and George 's joke , " say Ron . " and have you really get -- you know ... " he point at Harry 's forehead . Harry pull back his bang to show the lightning scar . Ron stare . " so that be where You-Know-Who - ? " " yes , " say Harry , " but I ca n't remember it . " " nothing ? " say Ron eagerly . " well -- I remember a lot of green light , but nothing else . " " wow , " say Ron . he sit and stare at Harry for a few moment , then , as though he have suddenly realize what he be do , he look quickly out of the window again . " be all your family wizard ? " ask Harry , who find Ron just as interesting as Ron find him . " er -- Yes , I think so , " say Ron . " I think Mom 's get a second cousin who be an accountant , but we never talk about him . " " so you must know load of magic already . " the Weasleys be clearly one of those old wizarding family the pale boy in Diagon Alley have talk about . " I hear you go to live with Muggles , " say Ron . " what be they like ? " " horrible -- well , not all of them . my aunt and uncle and cousin be , though . wish I have have three wizard brother . " " five , " say Ron . for some reason , he be look gloomy . " I be the sixth in our family to go to Hogwarts . you could say I have get a lot to live up to . Bill and Charlie have already leave -- Bill be head boy and Charlie be captain of Quidditch . now Percy be a prefect . Fred and George mess around a lot , but they still get really good mark and everyone think they be really funny . everyone expect me to do as well as the other , but if I do , it be no big deal , because they do it first . you never get anything new , either , with five brother . I have get Bill 's old robe , Charlie 's old wand , and Percy 's old rat . " Ron reach inside his jacket and pull out a fat gray rat , which be asleep . " his name 's Scabbers and he be useless , he hardly ever wake up . Percy get an owl from my dad for be make a prefect , but they could n't aff -- I mean , I get Scabbers instead . " Ron 's ear go pink . he seem to think he will say too much , because he go back to stare out of the window . Harry do n't think there be anything wrong with not be able to afford an owl . after all , he have never have any money in his life until a month ago , and he tell Ron so , all about have to wear Dudley 's old clothes and never get proper birthday present . this seem to cheer Ron up . " ... and until Hagrid tell me , I do n't know anything about be a wizard or about my parent or Voldemort - " Ron gasp . " what ? " say Harry . " you say You-Know-Who 's name ! " say Ron , sound both shock and impress . " I will have think you , of all people - " " I be not try to be brave or anything , say the name , " say Harry , " I just never know you should n't . see what I mean ? I have get load to learn ... I bet , " he add , voice for the first time something that have be worry him a lot lately , " I bet I be the bad in the class . " " you wo n't be . there be load of people who come from Muggle family and they learn quick enough . " while they have be talk , the train have carry them out of London . now they be speed past field full of cow and sheep . they be quiet for a time , watch the field and lane flick past . around half past twelve there be a great clatter outside in the corridor and a smile , dimple woman slide back their door and say , " Anything off the cart , dear ? " Harry , who have n't have any breakfast , leap to his foot , but Ron 's ear go pink again and he mutter that he have bring sandwich . Harry go out into the corridor . he have never have any money for candy with the Dursley , and now that he have pocket rattle with gold and silver he be ready to buy as many Mars Bars as he could carry -- but the woman do n't have Mars Bars . what she do have be Bettie Bott 's Every Flavor Beans , Drooble 's Best Blowing Gum , Chocolate Frogs . pumpkin pasty , Cauldron Cakes , Licorice Wands , and a number of other strange thing Harry have never see in his life . not want to miss anything , he get some of everything and pay the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts . Ron stare as Harry bring it all back in to the compartment and tip it onto an empty seat . " hungry , be you ? " " starve , " say Harry , take a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty . Ron have take out a lumpy package and unwrap it . there be four sandwich inside . he pull one of them apart and say , " she always forget I do n't like corned beef. . " " swap you for one of these , " say Harry , hold up a pasty . " go on - " " you do n't want this , it be all dry , " say Ron . " she have n't get much time , " he add quickly , " you know , with five of us . " " go on , have a pasty , " say Harry , who have never have anything to share before or , indeed , anyone to share it with . it be a nice feeling , sit there with Ron , eat their way through all Harry 's pasty , cake , and candy ( the sandwich lay forgotten ) . " what be these ? " Harry ask Ron , hold up a pack of Chocolate Frogs . " they be not really frog , be they ? " he be start to feel that nothing would surprise him . " no , " say Ron . " but see what the card be . I be miss Agrippa . " " what ? " " oh , of course , you would n't know -- chocolate frog have card , inside them , you know , to collect -- famous witch and wizard . I have get about five hundred , but I have n't get Agrippa or Ptolemy . " Harry unwrap his Chocolate Frog and pick up the card . it show a man 's face . he wear half-moon glass , have a long , crooked nose , and flow silver hair , beard , and mustache . underneath the picture be the name Albus Dumbledore . " so this be Dumbledore ! " say Harry . " do n't tell me you have never hear of Dumbledore ! " say Ron . " can I have a frog ? I might get Agrippa -- thanks - " Harry turn over his card and read : Albus DUMBLEDORE Currently HEADMASTER of HOGWARTS Considered by many the great wizard of modern time , Dumbledore be particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in @card@ , for the discovery of the twelve use of dragon 's blood , and his work on alchemy with his partner , Nicolas Flamel . Professor Dumbledore enjoy chamber music and tenpin bowling . Harry turn the card back over and see , to his astonishment , that Dumbledore 's face have disappear . " he be go ! " " well , you ca n't expect him to hang around all day , " say Ron . " he will be back . no , I have get Morgana again and I have get about six of her ... do you want it ? you can start collect . " Ron 's eye stray to the pile of chocolate frog wait to be unwrap . " help yourself , " say Harry . " but in , you know , the Muggle world , people just stay put in photo . " " do they ? what , they do n't move at all ? " Ron sound amazed . " weird ! " Harry stare as Dumbledore sidle back into the picture on his card and give him a small smile . Ron be more interested in eat the frog than look at the Famous Witches and Wizards card , but Harry could n't keep his eye off them . soon he have not only Dumbledore and Morgana , but Hengist of Woodcroft , Alberic Grunnion , Circe , Paracelsus , and Merlin . he finally tear his eye away from the Druidess Cliodna , who be scratch her nose , to open a bag of Bertie Bott 's Every Flavor Beans . " you want to be careful with those , " Ron warn Harry . " when they say every flavor , they mean every flavor -- you know , you get all the ordinary one like chocolate and peppermint and marmalade , but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe . George reckon he have a boogerflavored one once . " Ron pick up a green bean , look at it carefully , and bit into a corner . " Bleaaargh -- see ? sprout . " they have a good time eat the Every Flavor Beans . Harry get toast , coconut , bake bean , strawberry , curry , grass , coffee , sardine , and be even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron would n't touch , which turn out to be pepper . the countryside now fly past the window be become wild . the neat field have go . now there be wood , twist river , and dark green hill . there be a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced boy Harry have pass on platform nine and three-quarter come in . he look tearful . " sorry , " he say , " but have you see a toad at all ? " when they shake their head , he wail , " I have lose him ! he keep get away from me ! " " he will turn up , " say Harry . " yes , " say the boy miserably . " well , if you see him ... " he leave . " do n't know why he be so bother , " say Ron . " if I have bring a toad I will lose it as quick as I could . mind you , I bring Scabbers , so I ca n't talk . " the rat be still snooze on Ron 's lap . " he might have die and you would n't know the difference , " say Ron in disgust . " I try to turn him yellow yesterday to make him more interesting , but the spell do n't work . I will show you , look ... " he rummage around in his trunk and pull out a very battered-looking wand . it be chip in place and something white be glint at the end . " unicorn hair be nearly poke out . anyway - " he have just raise his wand when the compartment door slide open again . the toadless boy be back , but this time he have a girl with him . she be already wear her new Hogwarts robe . " have anyone see a toad ? Neville 's lose one , " she say . she have a bossy sort of voice , lot of bushy brown hair , and rather large front tooth . " we have already tell him we have n't see it , " say Ron , but the girl be n't listen , she be look at the wand in his hand . " oh , be you do magic ? let be see it , then . " she sit down . Ron look take aback . " er -- all right . " he clear his throat . " sunshine , daisy , butter mellow , Turn this stupid , fat rat yellow . " he wave his wand , but nothing happen . Scabbers stay gray and fast asleep . " be you sure that be a real spell ? " say the girl . " well , it be not very good , be it ? I have try a few simple spell just for practice and it be all work for me . nobody in my family 's magic at all , it be ever such a surprise when I get my letter , but I be ever so please , of course , I mean , it be the very good school of witchcraft there be , I have hear -- I have learn all our course book by heart , of course , I just hope it will be enough -- I be Hermione Granger , by the way , who be you ? " she say all this very fast . Harry look at Ron , and be relieve to see by his stun face that he have n't learn all the course book by heart either . " I be Ron Weasley , " Ron mutter . " Harry Potter , " say Harry . " be you really ? " say Hermione . " I know all about you , of course -- I get a few extra book , for background reading , and you be in Modern Magical history and the rise and fall of the Dark Arts and Great Wizarding event of the Twentieth Century . " " be I ? " say Harry , feeling daze . " goodness , do n't you know , I will have find out everything I could if it be me , " say Hermione . " do either of you know what house you will be in ? I have be ask around , and I hope I be in Gryffindor , it sound by far the good ; I hear Dumbledore himself be in it , but I suppose Ravenclaw would n't be too bad ... Anyway , we will well go and look for Neville 's toad . you two have good change , you know , I expect we will be there soon . " and she leave , take the toadless boy with her . " whatever house I be in , I hope she be not in it , " say Ron . he throw his wand back into his trunk . " stupid spell -- George give it to me , bet he know it be a dud . " " what house be your brother in ? " ask Harry . " Gryffindor , " say Ron . gloom seem to be settle on him again . " Mom and Dad be in it , too . I do n't know what they will say if I be not . I do n't suppose Ravenclaw would be too bad , but imagine if they put me in Slytherin . " " that be the house Vol- , I mean , You-Know-Who be in ? " " yeah , " say Ron . he flop back into his seat , look depress . " you know , I think the end of Scabbers ' whisker be a bit light , " say Harry , try to take Ron 's mind off house . " so what do your old brother do now that they have leave , anyway ? " Harry be wonder what a wizard do once he will finished school . " Charlie 's in Romania study dragon , and Bill 's in Africa do something for Gringotts , " say Ron . " do you hear about Gringotts ? it have be all over the Daily Prophet , but I do n't suppose you get that with the Muggles -- someone try to rob a high security vault . " Harry stare . " really ? what happen to them ? " " nothing , that be why it 's such big news . they have n't be catch . my dad say it must have be a powerful dark wizard to get round Gringotts , but they do n't think they take anything , that be what be odd . ' Course , everyone get scared when something like this happen in case You-KnowWho be behind it . " Harry turn this news over in his mind . he be start to get a prickle of fear every time YouKnow-Who be mention . he suppose this be all part of enter the magical world , but it have be a lot more comfortable saying " Voldemort " without worry . " what be your Quidditch team ? " Ron ask . " er -- I do n't know any . " Harry confess . " what ! " Ron look dumbfounded . " oh , you wait , it be the good game in the world - " and he be off , explain all about the four ball and the position of the seven player , describe famous game he have be to with his brother and the broomstick he will like to get if he have the money . he be just take Harry through the fine point of the game when the compartment door slide open yet again , but it be n't Neville the toadless boy , or Hermione Granger this time . three boy enter , and Harry recognize the middle one at once : it be the pale boy from Madam Malkin 's robe shop . he be look at Harry with a lot more interest than he have show back in Diagon Alley . " be it true ? " he say . " they be say all down the train that Harry Potter 's in this compartment . so it be you , be it ? " " yes , " say Harry . he be look at the other boy . both of them be thickset and look extremely mean . stand on either side of the pale boy , they look like bodyguard . " oh , this be Crabbe and this be Goyle , " say the pale boy carelessly , notice where Harry be look . " and my name 's Malfoy , Draco Malfoy . " Ron give a slight cough , which might have be hide a snigger . Draco Malfoy look at him . " think my name be funny , do you ? no need to ask who you be . my father tell me all the Weasleys have red hair , freckle , and more child than they can afford . " he turn back to Harry . " you will soon find out some wizarding family be much well than other , Potter . you do n't want to go make friend with the wrong sort . I can help you there . " he hold out his hand to shake Harry 's , but Harry do n't take it . " I think I can tell who the wrong sort be for myself , thanks , " he say coolly . Draco Malfoy do n't go red , but a pink tinge appear in his pale cheek . " I will be careful if I be you , Potter , " he say slowly . " unless you be a bit polite you will go the same way as your parent . they do n't know what be good for them , either . you hang around with riffraff like the Weasleys and that Hagrid , and it will rub off on you . " both Harry and Ron stand up . " say that again , " Ron say , his face as red as his hair . " oh , you be go to fight us , be you ? " Malfoy sneer . " unless you get out now , " say Harry , more bravely than he feel , because Crabbe and Goyle be a lot big than him or Ron . " but we do n't foot like leave , do we , boy ? we have eat all our food and you still seem to have some . " Goyle reach toward the chocolate frog next to Ron -- Ron leap forward , but before he will so much as touch Goyle , Goyle let out a horrible yell . Scabbers the rat be hang off his finger , sharp little tooth sink deep into Goyle 's knuckle -- Crabbe and Malfoy back away as Goyle swing Scabbers round and round , howl , and when Scabbers finally fly off and hit the window , all three of them disappear at once . perhaps they think there be more rat lurk among the sweet , or perhaps they have hear footstep , because a second later , Hermione Granger have come in . " what have be go on ? " she say , look at the sweet all over the floor and Ron pick up Scabbers by his tail . " I think he have be knock out , " Ron say to Harry . he look close at Scabbers . " no -- I do n't believe it -- he be go back to sleep . " and so he have . " you have meet Malfoy before ? " Harry explain about their meeting in Diagon Alley . " I have hear of his family , " say Ron darkly . " they be some of the first to come back to our side after You-Know-Who disappear . say they have be bewitch . my dad do n't believe it . he say Malfoy 's father do n't need an excuse to go over to the dark side . " he turn to Hermione . " can we help you with something ? " " you will well hurry up and put your robe on , I have just be up to the front to ask the conductor , and he say we be nearly there . you have n't be fight , have you ? you will be in trouble before we even get there ! " " Scabbers have be fight , not us , " say Ron , scowl at her . " would you mind leave while we change ? " " all right -- I only come in here because people outside be behave very childishly , race up and down the corridor , " say Hermione in a sniffy voice . " and you have get dirt on your nose , by the way , do you know ? " Ron glare at her as she leave . Harry peer out of the window . it be get dark . he could see mountain and forest under a deep purple sky . the train do seem to be slow down . he and Ron take off their jacket and pull on their long black robe . Ron 's be a bit short for him , you could see his sneakers underneath them . a voice echo through the train : " we will be reach Hogwarts in five minute ' time . please leave your luggage on the train , it will be take to the school separately . " Harry 's stomach lurch with nerve and Ron , he see , look pale under his freckle . they cram their pocket with the last of the sweet and join the crowd throng the corridor . the train slow right down and finally stop . people push their way toward the door and out on to a tiny , dark platform . Harry shiver in the cold night air . then a lamp come bob over the head of the student , and Harry hear a familiar voice : " fir ' year ! fir ' year over here ! all right there , Harry ? " Hagrid 's big hairy face beam over the sea of head . " C'mon , follow me -- any more fir ' year ? mind yer step , now ! fir ' year follow me ! " slip and stumble , they follow Hagrid down what seem to be a steep , narrow path . it be so dark on either side of them that Harry think there must be thick tree there . nobody speak much . Neville , the boy who keep lose his toad , sniff once or twice . " Yeh will get yer fir ' sight o ' Hogwarts in a sec , " Hagrid call over his shoulder , " jus ' around this bend here . " there be a loud " Oooooh ! " the narrow path have open suddenly onto the edge of a great black lake . perch atop a high mountain on the other side , its window sparkling in the starry sky , be a vast castle with many turret and tower . " no more'n four to a boat ! " Hagrid call , point to a fleet of little boat sit in the water by the shore . Harry and Ron be follow into their boat by Neville and Hermione . " everyone in ? " shout Hagrid , who have a boat to himself . " right then -- Forward ! " and the fleet of little boat move off all at once , glide across the lake , which be as smooth as glass . everyone be silent , stare up at the great castle overhead . it towered over them as they sail near and near to the cliff on which it stand . " head down ! " yell Hagrid as the first boat reach the cliff ; they all bend their head and the little boat carry them through a curtain of ivy that hide a wide opening in the cliff face . they be carry along a dark tunnel , which seem to be take them right underneath the castle , until they reach a kind of underground harbor , where they clamber out onto rock and pebble . " Oy , you there ! be this your toad ? " say Hagrid , who be check the boat as people climb out of them . " Trevor ! " cry Neville blissfully , hold out his hand . then they clamber up a passageway in the rock after Hagrid 's lamp , come out at last onto smooth , damp grass right in the shadow of the castle . they walk up a flight of stone step and crowd around the huge , oak front door . " everyone here ? you there , still get yer toad ? " Hagrid raise a gigantic fist and knock three time on the castle door .