chapter Seven The Sorting Hat the door swing open at once . a tall , black-haired witch in emerald-green robe stand there . she have a very stern face and Harry 's first thought be that this be not someone to cross . " the fir ' year , Professor McGonagall , " say Hagrid . " thank you , Hagrid . I will take them from here . " she pull the door wide . the entrance hall be so big you could have fit the whole of the Dursley ' house in it . the stone wall be light with flaming torch like the one at Gringotts , the ceiling be too high to make out , and a magnificent marble staircase face them lead to the upper floor . they follow Professor McGonagall across the flag stone floor . Harry could hear the drone of hundred of voice from a doorway to the right -- the rest of the school must already be here -- but Professor McGonagall show the first year into a small , empty chamber off the hall . they crowd in , stand rather closer together than they would usually have do , peer about nervously . " welcome to Hogwarts , " say Professor McGonagall . " the start-of-term banquet will begin shortly , but before you take your seat in the Great Hall , you will be sort into your house . the Sorting be a very important ceremony because , while you be here , your house will be something like your family within Hogwarts . you will have class with the rest of your house , sleep in your house dormitory , and spend free time in your house common room . " the four house be call Gryffindor , Hufflepuff , Ravenclaw , and Slytherin . each house have its own noble history and each have produce outstanding witch and wizard . while you be at Hogwarts , your triumph will earn your house point , while any rulebreaking will lose house point . at the end of the year , the house with the most point be award the house cup , a great honor . I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house become yours . " the Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minute in front of the rest of the school . I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you be wait . " her eye linger for a moment on Neville 's cloak , which be fasten under his left ear , and on Ron 's smudge nose . Harry nervously try to flatten his hair . " I shall return when we be ready for you , " say Professor McGonagall . " please wait quietly . " she leave the chamber . Harry swallow . " how exactly do they sort us into house ? " he ask Ron . " some sort of test , I think . Fred say it hurt a lot , but I think he be joke . " Harry 's heart give a horrible jolt . a test ? in front of the whole school ? but he do n't know any magic yet - what on earth would he have to do ? he have n't expect something like this the moment they arrive . he look around anxiously and see that everyone else look terrify , too . no one be talk much except Hermione Granger , who be whisper very fast about all the spell she have learn and wonder which one she will need . Harry try hard not to listen to her . he have never be more nervous , never , not even when he have have to take a school report home to the Dursley say that he have somehow turn his teacher 's wig blue . he keep his eye fix on the door . any second now , Professor McGonagall would come back and lead him to his doom . then something happen that make him jump about a foot in the air -- several people behind him scream . " what the - ? " he gasp . so do the people around him . about twenty ghost have just stream through the back wall . Pearly-white and slightly transparent , they glide across the room talk to one another and hardly glance at the first year . they seem to be argue . what look like a fat little monk be say : " forgive and forget , I say , we ought to give him a second chance - " " my dear Friar , have n't we give Peeves all the chance he deserve ? he give us all a bad name and you know , he be not really even a ghost -- I say , what be you all do here ? " a ghost wear a ruff and tights have suddenly notice the first year . nobody answer . " new student ! " say the Fat Friar , smile around at them . " about to be Sorted , I suppose ? " a few people nod mutely . " hope to see you in Hufflepuff ! " say the Friar . " my old house , you know . " " move along now , " say a sharp voice . " the Sorting Ceremony be about to start . " Professor McGonagall have return . one by one , the ghost float away through the opposite wall . " now , form a line , " Professor McGonagall tell the first year , " and follow me . " feel oddly as though his leg have turn to lead , Harry get into line behind a boy with sandy hair , with Ron behind him , and they walk out of the chamber , back across the hall , and through a pair of double door into the Great Hall . Harry have never even imagine such a strange and splendid place . it be light by thousand and thousand of candle that be float in midair over four long table , where the rest of the student be sit . these table be lay with glitter golden plate and goblet . at the top of the hall be another long table where the teacher be sit . Professor McGonagall lead the first year up here , so that they come to a halt in a line face the other student , with the teacher behind them . the hundred of face stare at them look like pale lantern in the flicker candlelight . dot here and there among the student , the ghost shine misty silver . mainly to avoid all the stare eye , Harry look upward and see a velvety black ceiling dot with star . he hear Hermione whisper , " its bewitch to look like the sky outside . I read about it in Hogwarts , a history . " it be hard to believe there be a ceiling there at all , and that the Great Hall do n't simply open on to the heaven . Harry quickly look down again as Professor McGonagall silently place a four-legged stool in front of the first year . on top of the stool she put a pointed wizard 's hat . this hat be patch and fray and extremely dirty . aunt Petunia would n't have let it in the house . maybe they have to try and get a rabbit out of it , Harry think wildly , that seem the sort of thing -- notice that everyone in the hall be now stare at the hat , he stare at it , too . for a few second , there be complete silence . then the hat twitch . a rip near the brim open wide like a mouth -- and the hat begin to sing : " oh , you may not think I be pretty , but do n't judge on what you see , I will eat myself if you can find a smart hat than me . you can keep your bowler black , your top hat sleek and tall , for I be the Hogwarts Sorting Hat and I can cap them all . there be nothing hide in your head the Sorting Hat ca n't see , so try me on and I will tell you where you ought to be . you might belong in Gryffindor , where dwell the brave at heart , their daring , nerve , and chivalry set Gryffindors apart ; you might belong in Hufflepuff , where they be just and loyal , Those patient Hufflepuffs be true and unafraid of toil ; or yet in wise old Ravenclaw , if you have a ready mind , where those of wit and learning , will always find their kind ; or perhaps in Slytherin you will make your real friend , Those cunning folk use any mean to achieve their end . so put me on ! do n't be afraid ! and do n't get in a flap ! you be in safe hand ( though I have none ) for I be a Thinking Cap ! " the whole hall burst into applause as the hat finish its song . it bow to each of the four table and then become quite still again . " so we have just get to try on the hat ! " Ron whisper to Harry . " I will kill Fred , he be go on about wrestle a troll . " Harry smile weakly . yes , try on the hat be a lot well than have to do a spell , but he do wish they could have try it on without everyone watching . the hat seem to be ask rather a lot ; Harry do n't feel brave or quick-witted or any of it at the moment . if only the hat have mention a house for people who feel a bit queasy , that would have be the one for him . Professor McGonagall now step forward hold a long roll of parchment . " when I call your name , you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sort , " she say . " Abbott , Hannah ! " a pink-faced girl with blonde pigtail stumble out of line , put on the hat , which fall right down over her eye , and sit down . a moment pause - " HUFFLEPUFF ! " shout the hat . the table on the right cheer and clap as Hannah go to sit down at the Hufflepuff table . Harry see the ghost of the Fat Friar wave merrily at her . " bone , Susan ! " " HUFFLEPUFF ! " shout the hat again , and Susan scuttle off to sit next to Hannah . " boot , Terry ! " " RAVENCLAW ! " the table second from the left clap this time ; several Ravenclaws stand up to shake hand with Terry as he join them . " Brocklehurst , Mandy " go to Ravenclaw too , but " Brown , Lavender " become the first new Gryffindor , and the table on the far leave explode with cheer ; Harry could see Ron 's twin brother catcall . " Bulstrode , Millicent " then become a Slytherin . perhaps it be Harry 's imagination , after all he have hear about Slytherin , but he think they look like an unpleasant lot . he be start to feel definitely sick now . he remember be pick for team during gym at his old school . he have always be last to be choose , not because he be no good , but because no one want Dudley to think they like him . " Finch-Fletchley , Justin ! " " HUFFLEPUFF ! " sometimes , Harry notice , the hat shout out the house at once , but at other it take a little while to decide . " Finnigan , Seamus , " the sandy-haired boy next to Harry in the line , sit on the stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declare him a Gryffindor . " Granger , Hermione ! " Hermione almost run to the stool and jam the hat eagerly on her head . " GRYFFINDOR ! " shout the hat . Ron groan . a horrible thought strike Harry , as horrible thought always do when you be very nervous . what if he be n't choose at all ? what if he just sit there with the hat over his eye for age , until Professor McGonagall jerk it off his head and say there have obviously be a mistake and he will well get back on the train ? when Neville Longbottom , the boy who keep lose his toad , be call , he fall over on his way to the stool . the hat take a long time to decide with Neville . when it finally shout , " GRYFFINDOR , " Neville run off still wear it , and have to jog back amid gale of laughter to give it to " MacDougal , Morag . " Malfoy swagger forward when his name be call and get his wish at once : the hat have barely touch his head when it scream , " SLYTHERIN ! " Malfoy go to join his friend Crabbe and Goyle , look pleased with himself . there be n't many people leave now . " Moon " ... , " Nott " ... , " Parkinson " ... , then a pair of twin girl , " Patil " and " Patil " ... , then " Perks , Sally-Anne " ... , and then , at last - " Potter , Harry ! " as Harry step forward , whisper suddenly break out like little hiss fire all over the hall . " Potter , do she say ? " " the Harry Potter ? " the last thing Harry see before the hat drop over his eye be the hall full of people crane to get a good look at him . next second he be look at the black inside of the hat . he wait . " hmm , " say a small voice in his ear . " difficult . very difficult . plenty of courage , I see . not a bad mind either . there be talent , A my goodness , yes -- and a nice thirst to prove yourself , now that be interesting ... so where shall I put you ? " Harry grip the edge of the stool and think , not Slytherin , not Slytherin . " not Slytherin , eh ? " say the small voice . " be you sure ? you could be great , you know , it be all here in your head , and Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness , no doubt about that -- no ? well , if you be sure -- well be GRYFFINDOR ! " Harry hear the hat shout the last word to the whole hall . he take off the hat and walk shakily toward the Gryffindor table . he be so relieve to have be choose and not put in Slytherin , he hardly notice that he be get the loud cheer yet . Percy the prefect get up and shake his hand vigorously , while the Weasley twin yell , " we get Potter ! we get Potter ! " Harry sit down opposite the ghost in the ruff he have see earlier . the ghost pat his arm , give Harry the sudden , horrible feeling he have just plunge it into a bucket of ice-cold water . he could see the High Table properly now . at the end nearest him sit Hagrid , who catch his eye and give him the thumb up . Harry grin back . and there , in the center of the High Table , in a large gold chair , sit Albus Dumbledore . Harry recognize him at once from the card he have get out of the Chocolate Frog on the train . Dumbledore 's silver hair be the only thing in the whole hall that shine as brightly as the ghost . Harry spot Professor Quirrell , too , the nervous young man from the Leaky Cauldron . he be look very peculiar in a large purple turban . and now there be only three people leave to be sort . " Thomas , Dean , " a Black boy even tall than Ron , join Harry at the Gryffindor table . " Turpin , Lisa , " become a Ravenclaw and then it be Ron 's turn . he be pale green by now . Harry cross his finger under the table and a second later the hat have shout , " GRYFFINDOR ! " Harry clap loudly with the rest as Ron collapse into the chair next to him . " well do , Ron , excellent , " say Percy Weasley pompously across Harry as " Zabini , Blaise , " be make a Slytherin . Professor McGonagall roll up her scroll and take the Sorting Hat away . Harry look down at his empty gold plate . he have only just realize how hungry he be . the pumpkin pasty seem age ago . Albus Dumbledore have get to his foot . he be beam at the student , his arm open wide , as if nothing could have please him more than to see them all there . " welcome , " he say . " welcome to a new year at Hogwarts ! before we begin our banquet , I would like to say a few word . and here they be : nitwit ! blubber ! oddment ! tweak ! " thank you ! " he sit back down . everybody clap and cheer . Harry do n't know whether to laugh or not . " be he -- a bit mad ? " he ask Percy uncertainly . " mad ? " say Percy airily . " he be a genius ! good wizard in the world ! but he be a bit mad , yes . potato , Harry ? " Harry 's mouth fall open . the dish in front of him be now pile with food . he have never see so many thing he like to eat on one table : roast beef , roast chicken , pork chop and lamb chop , sausage , bacon and steak , boil potato , roast potato , fry , Yorkshire pudding , pea , carrot , gravy , ketchup , and , for some strange reason , peppermint humbug . the Dursley have never exactly starve Harry , but he have never be allow to eat as much as he like . Dudley have always take anything that Harry really want , even if it make him sick . Harry pile his plate with a bit of everything except the peppermint and begin to eat . it be all delicious . " that do look good , " say the ghost in the ruff sadly , watch Harry cut up his steak . " can n't you - ? " " I have n't eat for nearly five hundred year , " say the ghost . " I do n't need to , of course , but one do miss it . I do n't think I have introduce myself ? Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington at your service . resident ghost of Gryffindor Tower . " " I know who you be ! " say Ron suddenly . " my brother tell me about you -- you be nearly headless Nick ! " " I would prefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy - " the ghost begin stiffly , but sandyhaired Seamus Finnigan interrupt . " nearly headless ? how can you be nearly headless ? " Sir Nicholas look extremely miff , as if their little chat be n't go at all the way he want . " like this , " he say irritably . he seize his leave ear and pull . his whole head swing off his neck and fall onto his shoulder as if it be on a hinge . someone have obviously try to behead him , but not do it properly . look pleased at the stun look on their face , nearly Headless Nick flip his head back onto his neck , cough , and say , " so -- new Gryffindors ! I hope you be go to help us win the house championship this year ? Gryffindors have never go so long without win . Slytherins have get the cup six year in a row ! the Bloody Baron be become almost unbearable -- he be the Slytherin ghost . " Harry look over at the Slytherin table and see a horrible ghost sit there , with blank stare eye , a gaunt face , and robe stain with silver blood . he be right next to Malfoy who , Harry be please to see , do n't look too pleased with the seating arrangement . " how do he get cover in blood ? " ask Seamus with great interest . " I have never ask , " say nearly Headless Nick delicately . when everyone have eat as much as they could , the remain of the food fade from the plate , leave them sparkling clean as before . a moment later the dessert appear . block of ice cream in every flavor you could think of , apple pie , treacle tart , chocolate eclairs and jam doughnut , trifle , strawberry , Jell-O , rice pudding ... as Harry help himself to a treacle tart , the talk turn to their family . " I be half-and-half , " say Seamus . " me dad be a Muggle . mom do n't tell him she be a witch ' til after they be marry . bit of a nasty shock for him . " the other laugh . " what about you , Neville ? " say Ron . " well , my gran bring me up and she be a witch , " say Neville , " but the family think I be all-Muggle for age . my Great Uncle Algie keep try to catch me off my guard and force some magic out of me -- he push me off the end of Blackpool pier once , I nearly drowned -- but nothing happen until I be eight . Great Uncle Algie come round for dinner , and he be hang me out of an upstairs window by the ankle when my Great Auntie Enid offer him a meringue and he accidentally let go . but I bounce -- all the way down the garden and into the road . they be all really please , Gran be cry , she be so happy . and you should have see their face when I get in here -- they think I might not be magic enough to come , you see . Great Uncle Algie be so please he buy me my toad . " on Harry 's other side , Percy Weasley and Hermione be talk about lesson ( " I do hope they start right away , there be so much to learn , I be particularly interested in transfiguration , you know , turn something into something else , of course , it be suppose to be very difficult - " ; " you will be start small , just match into needle and that sort of thing -- " ) . Harry , who be start to feel warm and sleepy , look up at the High Table again . Hagrid be drink deeply from his goblet . Professor McGonagall be talk to Professor Dumbledore . Professor Quirrell , in his absurd turban , be talk to a teacher with greasy black hair , a hooked nose , and sallow skin . it happen very suddenly . the hook-nosed teacher look past Quirrell 's turban straight into Harry 's eye -- and a sharp , hot pain shot across the scar on Harry 's forehead . " ouch ! " Harry clap a hand to his head . " what be it ? " ask Percy . " N-nothing . " the pain have go as quickly as it have come . harder to shake off be the feeling Harry have get from the teacher 's look -- a feeling that he do n't like Harry at all . " who be that teacher talk to Professor Quirrell ? " he ask Percy . " oh , you know Quirrell already , do you ? no wonder he be look so nervous , that be Professor Snape . he teach potion , but he do n't want to -- everyone know he be after Quirrell 's job . know an awful lot about the Dark Arts , Snape . " Harry watch Snape for a while , but Snape do n't look at him again . at last , the dessert too disappear , and Professor Dumbledore get to his foot again . the hall fall silent . " ahem -- just a few more word now that we be all feed and water . I have a few start-of-term notice to give you . " first year should note that the forest on the ground be forbid to all pupil . and a few of our old student would do well to remember that as well . " Dumbledore 's twinkle eye flash in the direction of the Weasley twin . " I have also be ask by Mr. Filch , the caretaker , to remind you all that no magic should be use between class in the corridor . " Quidditch trial will be hold in the second week of the term . anyone interested in play for their house team should contact Madam Hooch . " and finally , I must tell you that this year , the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side be out of bound to everyone who do not wish to die a very painful death . " Harry laugh , but he be one of the few who do . " he be not serious ? " he mutter to Percy . " must be , " say Percy , frown at Dumbledore . " it be odd , because he usually give us a reason why we be not allow to go somewhere -- the forest be full of dangerous beast , everyone know that . I do think he might have tell us prefect , at least . " " and now , before we go to bed , let us sing the school song ! " cry Dumbledore . Harry notice that the other teacher ' smile have become rather fix . Dumbledore give his wand a little flick , as if he be try to get a fly off the end , and a long golden ribbon fly out of it , which rise high above the table and twist itself , snakelike , into word . " everyone pick their favorite tune , " say Dumbledore , " and off we go ! " and the school bellow : " Hogwarts , Hogwarts , Hoggy Warty Hogwarts , Teach us something please , whether we be old and bald or young with scabby knee , Our head could do with fill with some interesting stuff , for now they be bare and full of air , Dead fly and bit of fluff , so teach us thing worth know , Bring back what we have forget , just do your good , we will do the rest , and learn until our brain all rot . " everybody finish the song at different time . at last , only the Weasley twin be leave sing along to a very slow funeral march . Dumbledore conduct their last few line with his wand and when they have finish , he be one of those who clap loud . " ah , music , " he say , wipe his eye . " a magic beyond all we do here ! and now , bedtime . off you trot ! " the Gryffindor first year follow Percy through the chatter crowd , out of the Great Hall , and up the marble staircase . Harry 's leg be like lead again , but only because he be so tired and full of food . he be too sleepy even to be surprise that the people in the portrait along the corridor whisper and point as they pass , or that twice Percy lead them through doorway hide behind slide panel and hang tapestry . they climb more staircase , yawn and drag their foot , and Harry be just wonder how much farther they have to go when they come to a sudden halt . a bundle of walk stick be float in midair ahead of them , and as Percy take a step toward them they start throw themselves at him . " peeve , " Percy whisper to the first year . " a poltergeist . " he raise his voice , " Peeves -- show yourself . " a loud , rude sound , like the air be let out of a balloon , answer . " do you want me to go to the Bloody Baron ? " there be a pop , and a little man with wicked , dark eye and a wide mouth appear , float cross-legged in the air , clutch the walk stick . " Oooooooh ! " he say , with an evil cackle . " Ickle Firsties ! what fun ! " he swoop suddenly at them . they all duck . " go away , Peeves , or the Baron will hear about this , I mean it ! " bark Percy . peeve stick out his tongue and vanish , drop the walk stick on Neville 's head . they hear him zoom away , rattle coat of armor as he pass . " you want to watch out for Peeves , " say Percy , as they set off again . " the Bloody Baron be the only one who can control him , he wo n't even listen to us prefect . here we be . " at the very end of the corridor hang a portrait of a very fat woman in a pink silk dress . " password ? " she say . " caput Draconis , " say Percy , and the portrait swing forward to reveal a round hole in the wall . they all scramble through it -- Neville need a leg up -- and find themselves in the Gryffindor common room , a cozy , round room full of squashy armchair . Percy direct the girl through one door to their dormitory and the boy through another . at the top of a spiral staircase -- they be obviously in one of the tower -- they find their bed at last : five four-poster hang with deep red , velvet curtain . their trunk have already be bring up . too tired to talk much , they pull on their pajamas and fall into bed . " great food , be n't it ? " Ron mutter to Harry through the hanging . " get off , Scabbers ! he be chew my sheet . " Harry be go to ask Ron if he have have any of the treacle tart , but he fall asleep almost at once . perhaps Harry have eat a bit too much , because he have a very strange dream . he be wear Professor Quirrell 's turban , which keep talk to him , tell him he must transfer to Slytherin at once , because it be his destiny . Harry tell the turban he do n't want to be in Slytherin ; it get heavy and heavy ; he try to pull it off but it tighten painfully -- and there be Malfoy , laugh at him as he struggle with it -- then Malfoy turn into the hook-nosed teacher , Snape , whose laugh become high and cold -- there be a burst of green light and Harry wake , sweat and shake . he roll over and fall asleep again , and when he wake next day , he do n't remember the dream at all .