chapter EIGHT The Potions Master " there , look . " " where ? " " next to the tall kid with the red hair . " " wear the glass ? " " do you see his face ? " " do you see his scar ? " whisper follow Harry from the moment he leave his dormitory the next day . people line up outside classroom stand on tiptoe to get a look at him , or double back to pass him in the corridor again , stare . Harry wish they would n't , because he be try to concentrate on find his way to class . there be a hundred and forty-two staircase at Hogwarts : wide , sweeping one ; narrow , rickety one ; some that lead somewhere different on a Friday ; some with a vanish step halfway up that you have to remember to jump . then there be door that would n't open unless you ask politely , or tickle them in exactly the right place , and door that be n't really door at all , but solid wall just pretend . it be also very hard to remember where anything be , because it all seem to move around a lot . the people in the portrait keep go to visit each other , and Harry be sure the coat of armor could walk . the ghost do n't help , either . it be always a nasty shock when one of them glide suddenly through a door you be try to open . nearly Headless Nick be always happy to point new Gryffindors in the right direction , but Peeves the poltergeist be worth two lock door and a trick staircase if you meet him when you be late for class . he would drop wastepaper basket on your head , pull rug from under your foot , pelt you with bit of chalk , or sneak up behind you , invisible , grab your nose , and screech , " Got YOUR CONK ! " even bad than Peeves , if that be possible , be the caretaker , Argus Filch . Harry and Ron manage to get on the wrong side of him on their very first morning . filch found them try to force their way through a door that unluckily turn out to be the entrance to the out-of-bound corridor on the third floor . he would n't believe they be lose , be sure they be try to break into it on purpose , and be threaten to lock them in the dungeon when they be rescue by Professor Quirrell , who be pass . filch own a cat call Mrs. Norris , a scrawny , dust-colored creature with bulge , lamp like eye just like Filch 's . she patrol the corridor alone . break a rule in front of her , put just one toe out of line , and she will whisk off for Filch , who will appear , wheeze , two second later . filch know the secret passageway of the school well than anyone ( except perhaps the Weasley twin ) and could pop up as suddenly as any of the ghost . the student all hate him , and it be the dear ambition of many to give Mrs. Norris a good kick . and then , once you have manage to find them , there be the class themselves . there be a lot more to magic , as Harry quickly find out , than wave your wand and say a few funny word . they have to study the night sky through their telescope every Wednesday at midnight and learn the name of different star and the movement of the planet . three time a week they go out to the greenhouse behind the castle to study Herbology , with a dumpy little witch call Professor Sprout , where they learn how to take care of all the strange plant and fungus , and find out what they be use for . easily the most boring class be history of Magic , which be the only one teach by a ghost . Professor Binns have be very old indeed when he have fall asleep in front of the staff room fire and get up next morning to teach , leave his body behind him . Binns drone on and on while they scribble down name and date , and get Emetic the Evil and Uric the oddball mix up . Professor Flitwick , the Charms teacher , be a tiny little wizard who have to stand on a pile of book to see over his desk . at the start of their first class he take the roll call , and when he reach Harry 's name he give an excited squeak and topple out of sight . Professor McGonagall be again different . Harry have be quite right to think she be n't a teacher to cross . strict and clever , she give them a talking-to the moment they sit down in her first class . " transfiguration be some of the most complex and dangerous magic you will learn at Hogwarts , " she say . " anyone mess around in my class will leave and not come back . you have be warn . " then she change her desk into a pig and back again . they be all very impress and could n't wait to get start , but soon realize they be n't go to be change the furniture into animal for a long time . after take a lot of complicated note , they be each give a match and start try to turn it into a needle . by the end of the lesson , only Hermione Granger have make any difference to her match ; Professor McGonagall show the class how it have go all silver and pointy and give Hermione a rare smile . the class everyone have really be look forward to be defense against the Dark Arts , but Quirrell 's lesson turn out to be a bit of a joke . his classroom smell strongly of garlic , which everyone say be to ward off a vampire he have meet in Romania and be afraid would be come back to get him one of these day . his turban , he tell them , have be give to him by an African prince as a thank-you for get rid of a troublesome zombie , but they be n't sure they believe this story . for one thing , when Seamus Finnigan ask eagerly to hear how Quirrell have fight off the zombie , Quirrell go pink and start talk about the weather ; for another , they have notice that a funny smell hang around the turban , and the Weasley twin insist that it be stuff full of garlic as well , so that Quirrell be protect wherever he go . Harry be very relieve to find out that he be n't mile behind everyone else . lot of people have come from Muggle family and , like him , have n't have any idea that they be witch and wizard . there be so much to learn that even people like Ron do n't have much of a head start . Friday be an important day for Harry and Ron . they finally manage to find their way down to the Great Hall for breakfast without get lose once . " what have we get today ? " Harry ask Ron as he pour sugar on his porridge . " double potion with the Slytherins , " say Ron . " Snape 's Head of Slytherin House . they say he always favor them -- we will be able to see if it be true . " " Wish McGonagall favor us , " say Harry . Professor McGonagall be head of Gryffindor House , but it have n't stop her from give them a huge pile of homework the day before . just then , the mail arrive . Harry have get use to this by now , but it have give him a bit of a shock on the first morning , when about a hundred owl have suddenly stream into the Great Hall during breakfast , circle the table until they see their owner , and drop letter and package onto their lap . Hedwig have n't bring Harry anything so far . she sometimes fly in to nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before go off to sleep in the owlery with the other school owl . this morning , however , she flutter down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and drop a note onto Harry 's plate . Harry tear it open at once . it say , in a very untidy scrawl : Dear Harry , I know you get Friday afternoon off , so would you like to come and have a cup of tea with me around three ? I want to hear all about your first week . send us an answer back with Hedwig . Hagrid Harry borrow Ron 's quill , scribble Yes , please , see you later on the back of the note , and send Hedwig off again . it be lucky that Harry have tea with Hagrid to look forward to , because the potion lesson turn out to be the bad thing that have happen to him so far . at the start-of-term banquet , Harry have get the idea that Professor Snape dislike him . by the end of the first potion lesson , he know he have be wrong . Snape do n't dislike Harry -- he hate him . potion lesson take place down in one of the dungeon . it be cold here than up in the main castle , and would have be quite creepy enough without the pickled animal float in glass jar all around the wall . Snape , like Flitwick , start the class by take the roll call , and like Flitwick , he pause at Harry 's name . " ah , Yes , " he say softly , " Harry Potter . our new -- celebrity . " Draco Malfoy and his friend Crabbe and Goyle snigger behind their hand . Snape finish call the name and look up at the class . his eye be black like Hagrid 's , but they have none of Hagrid 's warmth . they be cold and empty and make you think of dark tunnel . " you be here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potionmaking , " he begin . he speak in barely more than a whisper , but they catch every word -- like Professor McGonagall , Snape have the gift of keep a class silent without effort . " as there be little foolish wand-waving here , many of you will hardly believe this be magic . I do n't expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmer cauldron with its shimmer fume , the delicate power of liquid that creep through human vein , bewitch the mind , ensnare the sense ... I can teach you how to bottle fame , brew glory , even stopper death -- if you be n't as big a bunch of dunderhead as I usually have to teach . " more silence follow this little speech . Harry and Ron exchange look with raise eyebrow . Hermione Granger be on the edge of her seat and look desperate to start prove that she be n't a dunderhead . " Potter ! " say Snape suddenly . " what would I get if I add powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood ? " powdered root of what to an infusion of what ? Harry glance at Ron , who look as stump as he be ; Hermione 's hand have shoot into the air . " I do n't know , sir , " say Harry . Snape 's lip curl into a sneer . " tut , tut -- fame clearly be n't everything . " he ignore Hermione 's hand . " let be try again . Potter , where would you look if I tell you to find me a bezoar ? " Hermione stretch her hand as high into the air as it would go without her leave her seat , but Harry do n't have the faint idea what a bezoar be . he try not to look at Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle , who be shake with laughter . " I do n't know , sir . " " think you would n't open a book before come , eh , Potter ? " Harry force himself to keep look straight into those cold eye . he have look through his book at the Dursley ' , but do Snape expect him to remember everything in one Thousand Magical Herb and Fungi ? Snape be still ignore Hermione 's quiver hand . " what be the difference , Potter , between monkshood and wolfsbane ? " at this , Hermione stand up , her hand stretch toward the dungeon ceiling . " I do n't know , " say Harry quietly . " I think Hermione do , though , why do n't you try her ? " a few people laugh ; Harry catch Seamus 's eye , and Seamus wink . Snape , however , be not please . " sit down , " he snap at Hermione . " for your information , Potter , asphodel and wormwood make a sleep potion so powerful it be know as the draught of live death . a bezoar be a stone take from the stomach of a goat and it will save you from most poison . as for monkshood and wolfsbane , they be the same plant , which also go by the name of aconite . well ? why be n't you all copying that down ? " there be a sudden rummage for quill and parchment . over the noise , Snape say , " and a point will be take from Gryffindor House for your cheek , Potter . " thing do n't improve for the Gryffindors as the potion lesson continue . Snape put them all into pair and set them to mix up a simple potion to cure boil . he sweep around in his long black cloak , watch them weigh dry nettle and crush snake fang , criticize almost everyone except Malfoy , whom he seem to like . he be just tell everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy have stew his horned slug when cloud of acid green smoke and a loud hiss fill the dungeon . Neville have somehow manage to melt Seamus 's cauldron into a twisted blob , and their potion be seep across the stone floor , burn hole in people 's shoe . within second , the whole class be stand on their stool while Neville , who have be drench in the potion when the cauldron collapse , moan in pain as angry red boil spring up all over his arm and leg . " idiot boy ! " snarl Snape , clear the spill potion away with one wave of his wand . " I suppose you add the porcupine quill before take the cauldron off the fire ? " Neville whimper as boil start to pop up all over his nose . " take him up to the hospital wing , " Snape spit at Seamus . then he round on Harry and Ron , who have be work next to Neville . " you -- Potter -- why do n't you tell him not to add the quill ? think he will make you look good if he get it wrong , do you ? that be another point you have lose for Gryffindor . " this be so unfair that Harry open his mouth to argue , but Ron kick him behind their cauldron . " do n't push it , " he mutter , " I have hear Snape can turn very nasty . " as they climb the step out of the dungeon an hour later , Harry 's mind be race and his spirit be low . he have lose two point for Gryffindor in his very first week - why do Snape hate him so much ? " cheer up , " say Ron , " Snape be always take point off Fred and George . can I come and meet Hagrid with you ? " at five to three they leave the castle and make their way across the ground . Hagrid live in a small wooden house on the edge of the forbidden forest . a crossbow and a pair of galosh be outside the front door . when Harry knock they hear a frantic scrabble from inside and several booming bark . then Hagrid 's voice ring out , say , " back , Fang - back . " Hagrid 's big , hairy face appear in the crack as he pull the door open . " hang on , " he say . " back , Fang . " he let them in , struggle to keep a hold on the collar of an enormous black boarhound . there be only one room inside . ham and pheasant be hang from the ceiling , a copper kettle be boil on the open fire , and in the corner stand a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it . " make yerselves at home , " say Hagrid , let go of Fang , who bound straight at Ron and start lick his ear . like Hagrid , Fang be clearly not as fierce as he look . " this be Ron , " Harry tell Hagrid , who be pour boil water into a large teapot and put rock cake onto a plate . " another Weasley , eh ? " say Hagrid , glance at Ron 's freckle . " I spend half me life chasin ' yer twin brother away from the forest . " the rock cake be shapeless lump with raisin that almost break their tooth , but Harry and Ron pretend to be enjoy them as they tell Hagrid all about their first lesson . Fang rest his head on Harry 's knee and drool all over his robe . Harry and Ron be delight to hear Hagrid call Filch " that old git . " " an ' as fer that cat , Mrs. Norris , I will like ter introduce her to Fang sometime . D'yeh know , every time I go up ter the school , she follow me everywhere ? can n't get rid of her -- Filch put her up to it . " Harry tell Hagrid about Snape 's lesson . Hagrid , like Ron , tell Harry not to worry about it , that Snape like hardly any of the student . " but he seem to really hate me . " " rubbish ! " say Hagrid . " why should he ? " yet Harry could n't help think that Hagrid do n't quite meet his eye when he say that . " how be yer brother Charlie ? " Hagrid ask Ron . " I like him a lot -- great with animal . " Harry wonder if Hagrid have change the subject on purpose . while Ron tell Hagrid all about Charlie 's work with dragon , Harry pick up a piece of paper that be lie on the table under the tea cozy . it be a cutting from the Daily Prophet : GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATEST investigation continue into the break-in at Gringotts on @card@ July , widely believe to be the work of dark wizard or witch unknown . Gringotts goblin today insist that nothing have be take . the vault that be search have in fact be empty the same day . " but we be not tell you what be in there , so keep your nose out if you know what be good for you , " say a Gringotts spokesgoblin this afternoon . Harry remember Ron tell him on the train that someone have try to rob Gringotts , but Ron have n't mention the date . " Hagrid ! " say Harry , " that Gringotts break-in happen on my birthday ! it might have be happen while we be there ! " there be no doubt about it , Hagrid definitely do n't meet Harry 's eye this time . he grunt and offer him another rock cake . Harry read the story again . the vault that be search have in fact be empty earlier that same day . Hagrid have empty vault seven hundred and thirteen , if you could call it empty , take out that grubby little package . have that be what the thief be look for ? as Harry and Ron walk back to the castle for dinner , their pocket weigh down with rock cake they have be too polite to refuse , Harry think that none of the lesson he have have so far have give him as much to think about as tea with Hagrid . have Hagrid collect that package just in time ? where be it now ? and do Hagrid know something about Snape that he do n't want to tell Harry ?