chapter Nine The Midnight Duel Harry have never believe he would meet a boy he hate more than Dudley , but that be before he meet Draco Malfoy . still , first-year Gryffindors only have potion with the Slytherins , so they do n't have to put up with Malfoy much . or at least , they do n't until they spot a notice pin up in the Gryffindor common room that make them all groan . fly lesson would be start on Thursday -- and Gryffindor and Slytherin would be learn together . " typical , " say Harry darkly . " just what I always want . to make a fool of myself on a broomstick in front of Malfoy . " he have be look forward to learn to fly more than anything else . " you do n't know that you will make a fool of yourself , " say Ron reasonably . " anyway , I know Malfoy be always go on about how good he be at Quidditch , but I bet that be all talk . " Malfoy certainly do talk about fly a lot . he complain loudly about first year never get on the house Quidditch team and tell long , boastful story that always seem to end with him narrowly escape Muggles in helicopter . he be n't the only one , though : the way Seamus Finnigan tell it , he have spend most of his childhood zoom around the countryside on his broomstick . even Ron would tell anyone who will listen about the time he will almost hit a hang glider on Charlie 's old broom . everyone from wizarding family talk about Quidditch constantly . Ron have already have a big argument with Dean Thomas , who share their dormitory , about soccer . Ron could n't see what be exciting about a game with only one ball where no one be allow to fly . Harry have catch Ron prodding Dean 's poster of West Ham soccer team , try to make the player move . Neville have never be on a broomstick in his life , because his grandmother have never let him near one . privately , Harry feel she have have good reason , because Neville manage to have an extraordinary number of accident even with both foot on the ground . Hermione Granger be almost as nervous about fly as Neville be . this be something you could n't learn by heart out of a book -- not that she have n't try . at breakfast on Thursday she bore them all stupid with fly tip she have get out of a library book call Quidditch through the Ages . Neville be hang on to her every word , desperate for anything that might help him hang on to his broomstick later , but everybody else be very please when Hermione 's lecture be interrupt by the arrival of the mail . Harry have n't have a single letter since Hagrid 's note , something that Malfoy have be quick to notice , of course . Malfoy 's eagle owl be always bring him package of sweet from home , which he open gloatingly at the Slytherin table . a barn owl bring Neville a small package from his grandmother . he open it excitedly and show them a glass ball the size of a large marble , which seem to be full of white smoke . " it be a Remembrall ! " he explain . " Gran know I forget thing -- this tell you if there be something you have forget to do . look , you hold it tight like this and if it turn red -- oh ... " his face fall , because the Remembrall have suddenly glow scarlet , " ... you have forget something ... " Neville be try to remember what he have forget when Draco Malfoy , who be pass the Gryffindor table , snatch the Remembrall out of his hand . Harry and Ron jump to their foot . they be half hope for a reason to fight Malfoy , but Professor McGonagall , who could spot trouble quick than any teacher in the school , be there in a flash . " what be go on ? " " Malfoy have get my Remembrall , Professor . " scowl , Malfoy quickly drop the Remembrall back on the table . " just look , " he say , and he slope away with Crabbe and Goyle behind him . at three-thirty that afternoon , Harry , Ron , and the other Gryffindors hurry down the front step onto the ground for their first fly lesson . it be a clear , breezy day , and the grass ripple under their foot as they march down the sloping lawn toward a smooth , flat lawn on the opposite side of the ground to the forbidden forest , whose tree be sway darkly in the distance . the Slytherins be already there , and so be twenty broomstick lie in neat line on the ground . Harry have hear Fred and George Weasley complain about the school broom , say that some of them start to vibrate if you fly too high , or always fly slightly to the left . their teacher , Madam Hooch , arrive . she have short , gray hair , and yellow eye like a hawk . " well , what be you all wait for ? " she bark . " everyone stand by a broomstick . come on , hurry up . " Harry glance down at his broom . it be old and some of the twig stick out at odd angle . " stick out your right hand over your broom , " call Madam Hooch at the front , " and say ' up ! ' " " UP " everyone shout . Harry 's broom jump into his hand at once , but it be one of the few that do . Hermione Granger 's have simply roll over on the ground , and Neville 's have n't move at all . perhaps broom , like horse , could tell when you be afraid , think Harry ; there be a quaver in Neville 's voice that say only too clearly that he want to keep his foot on the ground . madam Hooch then show them how to mount their broom without slide off the end , and walk up and down the row correct their grip . Harry and Ron be delight when she tell Malfoy he have be do it wrong for year . " now , when I blow my whistle , you kick off from the ground , hard , " say Madam Hooch . " keep your broom steady , rise a few foot , and then come straight back down by lean forward slightly . on my whistle -- three -- two - " but Neville , nervous and jumpy and frighten of be leave on the ground , push off hard before the whistle have touch Madam Hooch 's lip . " come back , boy ! " she shout , but Neville be rise straight up like a cork shoot out of a bottle -- twelve foot -- twenty foot . Harry see his scared white face look down at the ground fall away , see him gasp , slip sideways off the broom and - WHAM -- a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lie facedown on the grass in a heap . his broomstick be still rise high and high , and start to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight . madam Hooch be bend over Neville , her face as white as his . " break wrist , " Harry hear her mutter . " come on , boy -- it be all right , up you get . " she turn to the rest of the class . " none of you be to move while I take this boy to the hospital wing ! you leave those broom where they be or you will be out of Hogwarts before you can say ' Quidditch . ' come on , dear . " Neville , his face tear-streaked , clutch his wrist , hobble off with Madam Hooch , who have her arm around him . no sooner be they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter . " do you see his face , the great lump ? " the other Slytherins join in . " shut up , Malfoy , " snap Parvati Patil . " Ooh , stick up for Longbottom ? " say Pansy Parkinson , a hard-faced Slytherin girl . " never think you will like fat little crybaby , Parvati . " " look ! " say Malfoy , dart forward and snatch something out of the grass . " it be that stupid thing Longbottom 's gran send him . " the Remembrall glitter in the sun as he hold it up . " give that here , Malfoy , " say Harry quietly . everyone stop talk to watch . Malfoy smile nastily . " I think I will leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find -- how about -- up a tree ? " " give it here ! " Harry yell , but Malfoy have leap onto his broomstick and take off . he have n't be lie , he could fly well . hover level with the topmost branch of an oak he call , " come and get it , Potter ! " Harry grab his broom . " no ! " shout Hermione Granger . " madam Hooch tell us not to move -- you will get us all into trouble . " Harry ignore her . blood be pound in his ear . he mount the broom and kick hard against the ground and up , up he soar ; air rush through his hair , and his robe whip out behind him -- and in a rush of fierce joy he realize he have find something he could do without be teach -- this be easy , this be wonderful . he pull his broomstick up a little to take it even high , and hear scream and gasp of girl back on the ground and an admire whoop from Ron . he turn his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair . Malfoy look stun . " give it here , " Harry call , " or I will knock you off that broom ! " " oh , yeah ? " say Malfoy , try to sneer , but look worried . Harry know , somehow , what to do . he lean forward and grasp the broom tightly in both hand , and it shoot toward Malfoy like a javelin . Malfoy only just get out of the way in time ; Harry make a sharp about-face and hold the broom steady . a few people below be clap . " no Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck , Malfoy , " Harry call . the same thought seem to have strike Malfoy . " catch it if you can , then ! " he shout , and he throw the glass ball high into the air and streak back toward the ground . Harry see , as though in slow motion , the ball rise up in the air and then start to fall . he lean forward and point his broom handle down -- next second he be gather speed in a steep dive , race the ball -- wind whistle in his ear , mingle with the scream of people watch -- he stretch out his hand -- a foot from the ground he catch it , just in time to pull his broom straight , and he topple gently onto the grass with the Remembrall clutch safely in his fist . " harry Potter ! " his heart sink faster than he have just dive . Professor McGonagall be run toward them . he get to his foot , tremble . " never -- in all my time at Hogwarts - " Professor McGonagall be almost speechless with shock , and her glass flash furiously , " - how dare you -- might have break your neck - " " it be n't his fault , Professor - " " be quiet , Miss Patil - " " but Malfoy - " " that be enough , Mr. Weasley . Potter , follow me , now . " Harry catch sight of Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle 's triumphant face as he leave , walk numbly in Professor McGonagall 's wake as she stride toward the castle . he be go to be expel , he just know it . he want to say something to defend himself , but there seem to be something wrong with his voice . Professor McGonagall be sweep along without even look at him ; he have to jog to keep up . now he have do it . he have n't even last two week . he will be pack his bag in ten minute . what would the Dursley say when he turn up on the doorstep ? up the front step , up the marble staircase inside , and still Professor McGonagall do n't say a word to him . she wrench open door and march along corridor with Harry trot miserably behind her . maybe she be take him to Dumbledore . he think of Hagrid , expel but allow to stay on as gamekeeper . perhaps he could be Hagrid 's assistant . his stomach twist as he imagine it , watch Ron and the other become wizard , while he stump around the ground carry Hagrid 's bag . Professor McGonagall stop outside a classroom . she open the door and poke her head inside . " excuse me , Professor Flitwick , could I borrow Wood for a moment ? " wood ? think Harry , bewilder ; be Wood a cane she be go to use on him ? but Wood turn out to be a person , a burly fifth-year boy who come out of Flitwick 's class look confused . " follow me , you two , " say Professor McGonagall , and they march on up the corridor , Wood look curiously at Harry . " in here . " Professor McGonagall point them into a classroom that be empty except for Peeves , who be busy write rude word on the blackboard . " out , Peeves ! " she bark . peeve throw the chalk into a bin , which clang loudly , and he swoop out curse . Professor McGonagall slam the door behind him and turn to face the two boy . " Potter , this be Oliver Wood . wood -- I have find you a seeker . " Wood 's expression change from puzzlement to delight . " be you serious , Professor ? " " absolutely , " say Professor McGonagall crisply . " the boy be a natural . I have never see anything like it . be that your first time on a broomstick , Potter ? " Harry nod silently . he do n't have a clue what be go on , but he do n't seem to be be expel , and some of the feeling start come back to his leg . " he catch that thing in his hand after a fifty-foot dive , " Professor McGonagall tell Wood . " do n't even scratch himself . Charlie Weasley could n't have do it . " Wood be now look as though all his dream have come true at once . " ever see a game of Quidditch , Potter ? " he ask excitedly . " Wood 's captain of the Gryffindor team , " Professor McGonagall explain . " he be just the build for a Seeker , too , " say Wood , now walk around Harry and stare at him . " light - speedy -- we will have to get him a decent broom , Professor -- a Nimbus Two Thousand or a Cleansweep seven , I will say . " " I shall speak to Professor Dumbledore and see if we ca n't bend the first-year rule . heaven know , we need a good team than last year . flatten in that last match by Slytherin , I could n't look Severus Snape in the face for week ... " Professor McGonagall peer sternly over her glass at Harry . " I want to hear you be train hard , Potter , or I may change my mind about punish you . " then she suddenly smile . " your father would have be proud , " she say . " he be an excellent Quidditch player himself . " " you be joke . " it be dinnertime . Harry have just finish telling Ron what have happen when he have leave the ground with Professor McGonagall . Ron have a piece of steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth , but he have forget all about it . " seeker ? " he say . " but first year never -- you must be the young house player in about - " " -- a century , " say Harry , shovel pie into his mouth . he feel particularly hungry after the excitement of the afternoon . " Wood tell me . " Ron be so amaze , so impress , he just sit and gape at Harry . " I start train next week , " say Harry . " only do n't tell anyone , Wood want to keep it a secret . " Fred and George Weasley now come into the hall , spot Harry , and hurry over . " well do , " say George in a low voice . " Wood tell us . we be on the team too -- Beaters . " " I tell you , we be go to win that Quidditch cup for sure this year , " say Fred . " we have n't win since Charlie leave , but this year 's team be go to be brilliant . you must be good , Harry , Wood be almost skip when he tell us . " " anyway , we have get to go , Lee Jordan reckon he have find a new secret passageway out of the school . " " bet it be that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we find in our first week . see you . " Fred and George have hardly disappear when someone far less welcome turn up : Malfoy , flank by Crabbe and Goyle . " have a last meal , Potter ? when be you get the train back to the Muggles ? " " you be a lot brave now that you be back on the ground and you have get your little friend with you , " say Harry coolly . there be of course nothing at all little about Crabbe and Goyle , but as the High Table be full of teacher , neither of them could do more than crack their knuckle and scowl . " I will take you on anytime on my own , " say Malfoy . " tonight , if you want . wizard 's duel . wand only -- no contact . what be the matter ? never hear of a wizard 's duel before , I suppose ? " " of course he have , " say Ron , wheel around . " I be his second , who be yours ? " Malfoy look at Crabbe and Goyle , size them up . " Crabbe , " he say . " midnight all right ? we will meet you in the trophy room ; that be always unlock . " when Malfoy have go , Ron and Harry look at each other . " what be a wizard 's duel ? " say Harry . " and what do you mean , you be my second ? " " well , a second be there to take over if you die , " say Ron casually , get start at last on his cold pie . catch the look on Harry 's face , he add quickly , " but people only die in proper duel , you know , with real wizard . the most you and Malfoy will be able to do be send spark at each other . neither of you know enough magic to do any real damage . I bet he expect you to refuse , anyway . " " and what if I wave my wand and nothing happen ? " " throw it away and punch him on the nose , " Ron suggest . " excuse me . " they both look up . it be Hermione Granger . " can n't a person eat in peace in this place ? " say Ron . Hermione ignore him and speak to Harry . " I could n't help overhear what you and Malfoy be say - " " Bet you could , " Ron mutter . " - and you must n't go wander around the school at night , think of the point you will lose Gryffindor if you be catch , and you be bind to be . it be really very selfish of you . " " and it be really none of your business , " say Harry . " Good-bye , " say Ron . all the same , it be n't what you will call the perfect end to the day , Harry think , as he lay awake much later listen to Dean and Seamus fall asleep ( Neville be n't back from the hospital wing ) . Ron have spend all evening give him advice such as " if he try to curse you , you will well dodge it , because I ca n't remember how to block them . " there be a very good chance they be go to get catch by Filch or Mrs. Norris , and Harry feel he be push his luck , break another school rule today . on the other hand , Malfoy 's sneering face keep loom up out of the darkness -- this be his big chance to beat Malfoy face-to-face . he could n't miss it . " Half-past eleven , " Ron mutter at last , " we will well go . " they pull on their bathrobe , pick up their wand , and creep across the tower room , down the spiral staircase , and into the Gryffindor common room . a few ember be still glowing in the fireplace , turn all the armchair into hunch black shadow . they have almost reach the portrait hole when a voice speak from the chair nearest them , " I ca n't believe you be go to do this , Harry . " a lamp flicker on . it be Hermione Granger , wear a pink bathrobe and a frown . " you ! " say Ron furiously . " go back to bed ! " " I almost tell your brother , " Hermione snap , " Percy -- he be a prefect , he will put a stop to this . " Harry could n't believe anyone could be so interfere . " come on , " he say to Ron . he push open the portrait of the Fat Lady and climb through the hole . Hermione be n't go to give up that easily . she follow Ron through the portrait hole , hiss at them like an angry goose . " do n't you care about Gryffindor , do you only care about yourselves , I do n't want Slytherin to win the house cup , and you will lose all the point I get from Professor McGonagall for know about Switching Spells . " " go away . " " all right , but I warn you , you just remember what I say when you be on the train home tomorrow , you be so - " but what they be , they do n't find out . Hermione have turn to the portrait of the Fat Lady to get back inside and find herself face an empty painting . the Fat Lady have go on a nighttime visit and Hermione be lock out of Gryffindor tower . " now what be I go to do ? " she ask shrilly . " that be your problem , " say Ron . " we have get to go , we be go to be late . " they have n't even reach the end of the corridor when Hermione catch up with them . " I be come with you , " she say . " you be not . " " D'you think I be go to stand out here and wait for Filch to catch me ? if he find all three of us I will tell him the truth , that I be try to stop you , and you can back me up . " " you have get some nerve - " say Ron loudly . " shut up , both of you ! " say Harry sharply . " I hear something . " it be a sort of snuffle . " Mrs. Norris ? " breathe Ron , squint through the dark . it be n't Mrs. Norris . it be Neville . he be curl up on the floor , fast asleep , but jerk suddenly awake as they creep near . " thank goodness you find me ! I have be out here for hour , I could n't remember the new password to get in to bed . " " keep your voice down , Neville . the password 's ' Pig snout ' but it wo n't help you now , the Fat Lady be go off somewhere . " " how be your arm ? " say Harry . " fine , " say Neville , show them . " madam Pomfrey mend it in about a minute . " " good -- well , look , Neville , we have get to be somewhere , we will see you later - " " do n't leave me ! " say Neville , scramble to his foot , " I do n't want to stay here alone , the Bloody Baron have be past twice already . " Ron look at his watch and then glare furiously at Hermione and Neville . " if either of you get us catch , I will never rest until I have learn that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell tell us about , and use it on you . " Hermione open her mouth , perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the curse of the Bogies , but Harry hiss at her to be quiet and beckon them all forward . they flit along corridor stripe with bar of moonlight from the high window . at every turn Harry expect to run into Filch or Mrs. Norris , but they be lucky . they speed up a staircase to the third floor and tiptoe toward the trophy room . Malfoy and Crabbe be n't there yet . the crystal trophy case glimmer where the moonlight catch them . cup , shield , plate , and statue wink silver and gold in the darkness . they edge along the wall , keep their eye on the door at either end of the room . Harry take out his wand in case Malfoy leap in and start at once . the minute creep by . " he be late , maybe he be chickened out , " Ron whisper . then a noise in the next room make them jump . Harry have only just raise his wand when they hear someone speak -- and it be n't Malfoy . " sniff around , my sweet , they might be lurk in a corner . " it be Filch speak to Mrs. Norris . horror-struck , Harry wave madly at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible ; they scurry silently toward the door , away from Filch 's voice . Neville 's robe have barely whip around the corner when they hear Filch enter the trophy room . " they be in here somewhere , " they hear him mutter , " probably hide . " " this way ! " Harry mouth to the other and , petrify , they begin to creep down a long gallery full of suit of armor . they could hear Filch get near . Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and break into a run he trip , grab Ron around the waist , and the pair of them topple right into a suit of armor . the clanging and crash be enough to wake the whole castle . " run ! " Harry yell , and the four of them sprint down the gallery , not look back to see whether Filch be follow -- they swing around the doorpost and gallop down one corridor then another , Harry in the lead , without any idea where they be or where they be go -- they rip through a tapestry and find themselves in a hidden passageway , hurtle along it and come out near their Charms classroom , which they know be mile from the trophy room . " I think we have lose him , " Harry pant , lean against the cold wall and wipe his forehead . Neville be bend double , wheeze and splutter . " I - tell -- you , " Hermione gasp , clutch at the stitch in her chest , " I -- tell -- you . " " we have get to get back to Gryffindor tower , " say Ron , " quickly as possible . " " Malfoy trick you , " Hermione say to Harry . " you realize that , do n't you ? he be never go to meet you -- Filch know someone be go to be in the trophy room , Malfoy must have tip him off . " Harry think she be probably right , but he be n't go to tell her that . " let be go . " it be n't go to be that simple . they have n't go more than a dozen pace when a doorknob rattle and something come shoot out of a classroom in front of them . it be Peeves . he catch sight of them and give a squeal of delight . " shut up , Peeves -- please -- you will get us throw out . " peeve cackle . " wander around at midnight , Ickle Firsties ? tut , tut , tut . naughty , naughty , you will get caughty . " " not if you do n't give us away , Peeves , please . " " should tell Filch , I should , " say Peeves in a saintly voice , but his eye glitter wickedly . " it be for your own good , you know . " " get out of the way , " snap Ron , take a swipe at Peeves this be a big mistake . " student out of BED ! " peeve bellow , " STUDENTS Out of BED Down THE CHARMS Corridor ! " duck under Peeves , they run for their life , right to the end of the corridor where they slam into a door -- and it be lock . " this be it ! " Ron moan , as they push helplessly at the door , " we be do for ! this be the end ! " they could hear footstep , Filch run as fast as he could toward Peeves 's shout . " oh , move over , " Hermione snarl . she grab Harry 's wand , tap the lock , and whisper , " Alohomora ! " the lock click and the door swing open -- they pile through it , shut it quickly , and press their ear against it , listen . " which way do they go , Peeves ? " filch be say . " quick , tell me . " " say ' please . ' " " do n't mess with me , Peeves , now where do they go ? " " Sha n't say nothing if you do n't say please , " say Peeves in his annoy singsong voice . " all right - please . " " nothing ! Ha haaa ! tell you I would n't say nothing if you do n't say please ! Ha ha ! Haaaaaa ! " and they hear the sound of Peeves whoosh away and Filch curse in rage . " he think this door be lock , " Harry whisper . " I think we will be okay -- get off , Neville ! " for Neville have be tug on the sleeve of Harry 's bathrobe for the last minute . " what ? " Harry turn around -- and see , quite clearly , what . for a moment , he be sure he will walk into a nightmare -- this be too much , on top of everything that have happen so far . they be n't in a room , as he have suppose . they be in a corridor . the forbidden corridor on the third floor . and now they know why it be forbid . they be look straight into the eye of a monstrous dog , a dog that fill the whole space between ceiling and floor . it have three head . three pair of rolling , mad eye ; three nose , twitch and quiver in their direction ; three drool mouth , saliva hanging in slippery rope from yellowish fang . it be stand quite still , all six eye stare at them , and Harry know that the only reason they be n't already dead be that their sudden appearance have take it by surprise , but it be quickly get over that , there be no mistake what those thunderous growl mean . Harry grope for the doorknob -- between Filch and death , he will take Filch . they fall backward -- Harry slam the door shut , and they run , they almost fly , back down the corridor . filch must have hurry off to look for them somewhere else , because they do n't see him anywhere , but they hardly care -- all they want to do be put as much space as possible between them and that monster . they do n't stop run until they reach the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor . " where on earth have you all be ? " she ask , look at their bathrobe hang off their shoulder and their flush , sweaty face . " never mind that -- pig snout , pig snout , " pant Harry , and the portrait swing forward . they scramble into the common room and collapse , tremble , into armchair . it be a while before any of them say anything . Neville , indeed , look as if he will never speak again . " what do they think they be do , keep a thing like that lock up in a school ? " say Ron finally . " if any dog need exercise , that one do . " Hermione have get both her breath and her bad temper back again . " you do n't use your eye , any of you , do you ? " she snap . " do n't you see what it be stand on ? " " the floor ? " Harry suggest . " I be n't look at its foot , I be too busy with its head . " " no , not the floor . it be stand on a trapdoor . it be obviously guard something . " she stand up , glare at them . " I hope you be please with yourselves . we could all have be kill -- or bad , expel . now , if you do n't mind , I be go to bed . " Ron stare after her , his mouth open . " no , we do n't mind , " he say . " you will think we drag her along , would n't you . " but Hermione have give Harry something else to think about as he climb back into bed . the dog be guard something ... what have Hagrid say ? Gringotts be the safe place in the world for something you want to hide -- except perhaps Hogwarts . it look as though Harry have find out where the grubby little package from vault seven hundred and thirteen be .