Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone by J.K. Rowling Chapter One The Boy who Lived Mr. and Mrs. Dursley , of number four , Privet Drive , be proud to say that they be perfectly normal , thank you very much . they be the last people you will expect to be involve in anything strange or mysterious , because they just do n't hold with such nonsense . Mr. Dursley be the director of a firm call Grunnings , which make drill . he be a big , beefy man with hardly any neck , although he do have a very large mustache . Mrs. Dursley be thin and blonde and have nearly twice the usual amount of neck , which come in very useful as she spend so much of her time crane over garden fence , spy on the neighbor . the Dursley have a small son call Dudley and in their opinion there be no fine boy anywhere . the Dursley have everything they want , but they also have a secret , and their great fear be that somebody would discover it . they do n't think they could bear it if anyone find out about the Potters . Mrs. Potter be Mrs. Dursley 's sister , but they have n't meet for several year ; in fact , Mrs. Dursley pretend she do n't have a sister , because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband be as unDursleyish as it be possible to be . the Dursley shudder to think what the neighbor would say if the Potters arrive in the street . the Dursley know that the Potters have a small son , too , but they have never even see him . this boy be another good reason for keep the Potters away ; they do n't want Dudley mix with a child like that . when Mr. and Mrs. Dursley wake up on the dull , gray Tuesday our story start , there be nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious thing would soon be happen all over the country . Mr. Dursley hum as he pick out his most boring tie for work , and Mrs. Dursley gossip away happily as she wrestle a scream Dudley into his high chair . none of them notice a large , tawny owl flutter past the window . at half past eight , Mr. Dursley pick up his briefcase , peck Mrs. Dursley on the cheek , and try to kiss Dudley good-bye but miss , because Dudley be now have a tantrum and throw his cereal at the wall . " little tyke , " chortle Mr. Dursley as he leave the house . he get into his car and back out of number four 's drive . it be on the corner of the street that he notice the first sign of something peculiar -- a cat read a map . for a second , Mr. Dursley do n't realize what he have see -- then he jerk his head around to look again . there be a tabby cat standing on the corner of Privet Drive , but there be n't a map in sight . what could he have be think of ? it must have be a trick of the light . Mr. Dursley blink and stare at the cat . it stare back . as Mr. Dursley drive around the corner and up the road , he watch the cat in his mirror . it be now read the sign that say Privet Drive -- no , look at the sign ; cat could n't read map or sign . Mr. Dursley give himself a little shake and put the cat out of his mind . as he drive toward town he think of nothing except a large order of drill he be hope to get that day . but on the edge of town , drill be drive out of his mind by something else . as he sit in the usual morning traffic jam , he could n't help notice that there seem to be a lot of strangely dress people about . people in cloak . Mr. Dursley could n't bear people who dress in funny clothes -- the getup you see on young people ! he suppose this be some stupid new fashion . he drum his finger on the steering wheel and his eye fall on a huddle of these weirdo stand quite close by . they be whisper excitedly together . Mr. Dursley be enrage to see that a couple of them be n't young at all ; why , that man have to be old than he be , and wear an emerald-green cloak ! the nerve of him ! but then it strike Mr. Dursley that this be probably some silly stunt - these people be obviously collect for something ... yes , that would be it . the traffic move on and a few minute later , Mr. Dursley arrive in the Grunnings parking lot , his mind back on drill . Mr. Dursley always sit with his back to the window in his office on the ninth floor . if he have n't , he might have find it hard to concentrate on drill that morning . he do n't see the owl swoop past in broad daylight , though people down in the street do ; they point and gaze open-mouthed as owl after owl speed overhead . most of them have never see an owl even at nighttime . Mr. Dursley , however , have a perfectly normal , owl-free morning . he yell at five different people . he make several important telephone call and shout a bit more . he be in a very good mood until lunchtime , when he think he will stretch his leg and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the bakery . he have forget all about the people in cloak until he pass a group of them next to the baker 's . he eye them angrily as he pass . he do n't know why , but they make him uneasy . this bunch be whisper excitedly , too , and he could n't see a single collecting tin . it be on his way back past them , clutch a large doughnut in a bag , that he catch a few word of what they be say . " the Potters , that be right , that be what I hear - " " -- yes , their son , Harry - " Mr. Dursley stop dead . fear flood him . he look back at the whisperer as if he want to say something to them , but think good of it . he dash back across the road , hurry up to his office , snap at his secretary not to disturb him , seize his telephone , and have almost finish dial his home number when he change his mind . he put the receiver back down and stroke his mustache , think ... no , he be be stupid . Potter be n't such an unusual name . he be sure there be lot of people call Potter who have a son call Harry . come to think of it , he be n't even sure his nephew be call Harry . he will never even see the boy . it might have be Harvey . or Harold . there be no point in worry Mrs. Dursley ; she always get so upset at any mention of her sister . he do n't blame her -- if he have have a sister like that ... but all the same , those people in cloak ... he find it a lot harder to concentrate on drill that afternoon and when he leave the building at five o'clock , he be still so worry that he walk straight into someone just outside the door . " sorry , " he grunt , as the tiny old man stumble and almost fall . it be a few second before Mr. Dursley realize that the man be wear a violet cloak . he do n't seem at all upset at be almost knock to the ground . on the contrary , his face split into a wide smile and he say in a squeaky voice that make passerby stare , " do n't be sorry , my dear sir , for nothing could upset me today ! rejoice , for You-Know-Who have go at last ! even Muggles like yourself should be celebrate , this happy , happy day ! " and the old man hug Mr. Dursley around the middle and walk off . Mr. Dursley stand root to the spot . he have be hug by a complete stranger . he also think he have be call a Muggle , whatever that be . he be rattle . he hurry to his car and set off for home , hope he be imagine thing , which he have never hope before , because he do n't approve of imagination . as he pull into the driveway of number four , the first thing he saw—and it do n't improve his mood -- be the tabby cat he have spot that morning . it be now sit on his garden wall . he be sure it be the same one ; it have the same marking around its eye . " shoo ! " say Mr. Dursley loudly . the cat do n't move . it just give him a stern look . be this normal cat behavior ? Mr. Dursley wonder . try to pull himself together , he let himself into the house . he be still determine not to mention anything to his wife . Mrs. Dursley have have a nice , normal day . she tell him over dinner all about Mrs. Next Door 's problem with her daughter and how Dudley have learn a new word ( " wo n't ! " ) . Mr. Dursley try to act normally . when Dudley have be put to bed , he go into the live room in time to catch the last report on the evening news : " and finally , bird-watcher everywhere have report that the nation 's owl have be behave very unusually today . although owl normally hunt at night and be hardly ever see in daylight , there have be hundred of sighting of these bird fly in every direction since sunrise . expert be unable to explain why the owl have suddenly change their sleeping pattern . " the newscaster allow himself a grin . " most mysterious . and now , over to Jim Mcguffin with the weather . go to be any more shower of owl tonight , Jim ? " " well , Ted , " say the weatherman , " I do n't know about that , but it be not only the owl that have be act oddly today . viewer as far apart as Kent , Yorkshire , and Dundee have be phone in to tell me that instead of the rain I promise yesterday , they have have a downpour of shoot star ! perhaps people have be celebrate Bonfire Night early -- it be not until next week , folk ! but I can promise a wet night tonight . " Mr. Dursley sit frozen in his armchair . shoot star all over Britain ? owl fly by daylight ? mysterious people in cloak all over the place ? and a whisper , a whisper about the Potters ... Mrs. Dursley come into the live room carry two cup of tea . it be no good . he will have to say something to her . he clear his throat nervously . " er -- Petunia , dear -- you have n't hear from your sister lately , have you ? " as he have expect , Mrs. Dursley look shocked and angry . after all , they normally pretend she do n't have a sister . " no , " she say sharply . " why ? " " funny stuff on the news , " Mr. Dursley mumble . " owl ... shoot star ... and there be a lot of funny-looking people in town today ... " " so ? " snap Mrs. Dursley . " well , I just think ... maybe ... it be something to do with ... you know ... her crowd . " Mrs. Dursley sip her tea through purse lip . Mr. Dursley wonder whether he dare tell her he have hear the name " Potter . " he decide he do n't dare . instead he say , as casually as he could , " their son -- he will be about Dudley 's age now , would n't he ? " " I suppose so , " say Mrs. Dursley stiffly . " what be his name again ? Howard , be n't it ? " " Harry . nasty , common name , if you ask me . " " oh , yes , " say Mr. Dursley , his heart sink horribly . " yes , I quite agree . " he do n't say another word on the subject as they go upstairs to bed . while Mrs. Dursley be in the bathroom , Mr. Dursley creep to the bedroom window and peer down into the front garden . the cat be still there . it be stare down Privet Drive as though it be wait for something . be he imagine thing ? could all this have anything to do with the Potters ? if it do ... if it get out that they be relate to a pair of -- well , he do n't think he could bear it . the Dursley get into bed . Mrs. Dursley fall asleep quickly but Mr. Dursley lie awake , turn it all over in his mind . his last , comforting thought before he fall asleep be that even if the Potters be involve , there be no reason for them to come near him and Mrs. Dursley . the Potters know very well what he and Petunia think about them and their kind ... he could n't see how he and Petunia could get mix up in anything that might be go on -- he yawn and turn over -- it could n't affect them ... how very wrong he be . Mr. Dursley might have be drift into an uneasy sleep , but the cat on the wall outside be show no sign of sleepiness . it be sit as still as a statue , its eye fix unblinkingly on the far corner of Privet Drive . it do n't so much as quiver when a car door slam on the next street , nor when two owl swoop overhead . in fact , it be nearly midnight before the cat move at all . a man appear on the corner the cat have be watch , appear so suddenly and silently you will have think he have just pop out of the ground . the cat 's tail twitch and its eye narrow . nothing like this man have ever be see on Privet Drive . he be tall , thin , and very old , judge by the silver of his hair and beard , which be both long enough to tuck into his belt . he be wear long robe , a purple cloak that sweep the ground , and high-heeled , buckled boot . his blue eye be light , bright , and sparkling behind half-moon spectacle and his nose be very long and crooked , as though it have be break at least twice . this man 's name be Albus Dumbledore . Albus Dumbledore do n't seem to realize that he have just arrive in a street where everything from his name to his boot be unwelcome . he be busy rummage in his cloak , look for something . but he do seem to realize he be be watch , because he look up suddenly at the cat , which be still stare at him from the other end of the street . for some reason , the sight of the cat seem to amuse him . he chuckle and mutter , " I should have know . " he find what he be look for in his inside pocket . it seem to be a silver cigarette lighter . he flick it open , hold it up in the air , and click it . the near street lamp go out with a little pop . he click it again -- the next lamp flicker into darkness . twelve time he click the Put-Outer , until the only light leave on the whole street be two tiny pinprick in the distance , which be the eye of the cat watch him . if anyone look out of their window now , even beady-eyed Mrs. Dursley , they would n't be able to see anything that be happen down on the pavement . Dumbledore slip the Put-Outer back inside his cloak and set off down the street toward number four , where he sit down on the wall next to the cat . he do n't look at it , but after a moment he speak to it . " fancy see you here , Professor McGonagall . " he turn to smile at the tabby , but it have go . instead he be smile at a rather severe-looking woman who be wear square glass exactly the shape of the marking the cat have have around its eye . she , too , be wear a cloak , an emerald one . her black hair be draw into a tight bun . she look distinctly ruffle . " how do you know it be me ? " she ask . " my dear Professor , I have never see a cat sit so stiffly . " " you will be stiff if you have be sit on a brick wall all day , " say Professor McGonagall . " all day ? when you could have be celebrate ? I must have pass a dozen feast and party on my way here . " Professor McGonagall sniff angrily . " oh yes , everyone be celebrate , all right , " she say impatiently . " you will think they will be a bit more careful , but no -- even the Muggles have notice something be go on . it be on their news . " she jerk her head back at the Dursley ' dark living-room window . " I hear it . flock of owl ... shoot star ... well , they be not completely stupid . they be bind to notice something . shoot star down in Kent -- I will bet that be Dedalus Diggle . he never have much sense . " " you ca n't blame them , " say Dumbledore gently . " we have have precious little to celebrate for eleven year . " " I know that , " say Professor McGonagall irritably . " but that be no reason to lose our head . people be be downright careless , out on the street in broad daylight , not even dress in Muggle clothes , swap rumor . " she throw a sharp , sideways glance at Dumbledore here , as though hope he be go to tell her something , but he do n't , so she go on . " a fine thing it would be if , on the very day YouKnow-Who seem to have disappear at last , the Muggles find out about us all . I suppose he really have go , Dumbledore ? " " it certainly seem so , " say Dumbledore . " we have much to be thankful for . would you care for a lemon drop ? " " a what ? " " a lemon drop . they be a kind of Muggle sweet I be rather fond of . " " no , thank you , " say Professor McGonagall coldly , as though she do n't think this be the moment for lemon drop . " as I say , even if You-Know-Who have go - " " my dear Professor , surely a sensible person like yourself can call him by his name ? all this ' You-Know-Who ' nonsense -- for eleven year I have be try to persuade people to call him by his proper name : Voldemort . " Professor McGonagall flinch , but Dumbledore , who be unstick two lemon drop , seem not to notice . " it all get so confusing if we keep say ' You-Know-Who . ' I have never see any reason to be frighten of say Voldemort 's name . " " I know you have n't , " say Professor McGonagall , sound half exasperate , half admire . " but you be different . everyone know you be the only one You-Know- oh , all right , Voldemort , be frighten of . " " you flatter me , " say Dumbledore calmly . " Voldemort have power I will never have . " " only because you be too -- well - noble to use them . " " it be lucky it be dark . I have n't blush so much since Madam Pomfrey tell me she like my new earmuff . " Professor McGonagall shoot a sharp look at Dumbledore and say " the owl be nothing next to the rumor that be fly around . you know what they be say ? about why he be disappear ? about what finally stop him ? " it seem that Professor McGonagall have reach the point she be most anxious to discuss , the real reason she have be wait on a cold , hard wall all day , for neither as a cat nor as a woman have she fix Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she do now . it be plain that whatever " everyone " be say , she be not go to believe it until Dumbledore tell her it be true . Dumbledore , however , be choose another lemon drop and do not answer . " what they be say , " she press on , " be that last night Voldemort turn up in Godric 's Hollow . he go to find the Potters . the rumor be that Lily and James Potter be -- be -- that they be -- dead . " Dumbledore bow his head . Professor McGonagall gasp . " Lily and James ... I ca n't believe it ... I do n't want to believe it ... oh , Albus ... " Dumbledore reach out and pat her on the shoulder . " I know ... I know ... " he say heavily . Professor McGonagall 's voice tremble as she go on . " that be not all . they be say he try to kill the Potter 's son , Harry . but he could n't . he could n't kill that little boy . no one know why , or how , but they be say that when he could n't kill Harry Potter , Voldemort 's power somehow break -- and that be why he be go . " Dumbledore nod glumly . " it be -- it be true ? " falter Professor McGonagall . " after all he be do ... all the people he be kill ... he could n't kill a little boy ? it be just astound ... of all the thing to stop him ... but how in the name of heaven do Harry survive ? " " we can only guess . " say Dumbledore . " we may never know . " Professor McGonagall pull out a lace handkerchief and dab at her eye beneath her spectacle . Dumbledore give a great sniff as he take a golden watch from his pocket and examine it . it be a very odd watch . it have twelve hand but no number ; instead , little planet be move around the edge . it must have make sense to Dumbledore , though , because he put it back in his pocket and say , " Hagrid be late . I suppose it be he who tell you I will be here , by the way ? " " yes , " say Professor McGonagall . " and I do n't suppose you be go to tell me why you be here , of all place ? " " I have come to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle . they be the only family he have leave now . " " you do n't mean - you ca n't mean the people who live here ? " cry Professor McGonagall , jump to her foot and point at number four . " Dumbledore -- you ca n't . I have be watch them all day . you could n't find two people who be less like us . and they have get this son -- I see him kick his mother all the way up the street , scream for sweet . Harry Potter come and live here ! " " it be the good place for him , " say Dumbledore firmly . " his aunt and uncle will be able to explain everything to him when he be old . I have write them a letter . " " a letter ? " repeat Professor McGonagall faintly , sit back down on the wall . " really , Dumbledore , you think you can explain all this in a letter ? these people will never understand him ! he will be famous -- a legend -- I would n't be surprise if today be know as Harry Potter day in the future -- there will be book write about Harry -- every child in our world will know his name ! " " exactly . " say Dumbledore , look very seriously over the top of his half-moon glass . " it would be enough to turn any boy 's head . famous before he can walk and talk ! famous for something he wo n't even remember ! can you see how much good off he will be , grow up away from all that until he be ready to take it ? " Professor McGonagall open her mouth , change her mind , swallow , and then say , " Yes -- yes , you be right , of course . but how be the boy get here , Dumbledore ? " she eye his cloak suddenly as though she think he might be hide Harry underneath it . " Hagrid be bring him . " " you think it - wise -- to trust Hagrid with something as important as this ? " " I would trust Hagrid with my life , " say Dumbledore . " I be not say his heart be n't in the right place , " say Professor McGonagall grudgingly , " but you ca n't pretend he be not careless . he do tend to -- what be that ? " a low rumble sound have break the silence around them . it grow steadily louder as they look up and down the street for some sign of a headlight ; it swell to a roar as they both look up at the sky -- and a huge motorcycle fall out of the air and land on the road in front of them . if the motorcycle be huge , it be nothing to the man sit astride it . he be almost twice as tall as a normal man and at least five time as wide . he look simply too big to be allow , and so wild -- long tangle of bushy black hair and beard hide most of his face , he have hand the size of trash can lid , and his foot in their leather boot be like baby dolphin . in his vast , muscular arm he be hold a bundle of blanket . " Hagrid , " say Dumbledore , sound relieve . " at last . and where do you get that motorcycle ? " " borrow it , Professor Dumbledore , sir , " say the giant , climb carefully off the motorcycle as he speak . " Young Sirius Black lend it to me . I have get him , sir . " " no problem , be there ? " " no , sir -- house be almost destroy , but I get him out all right before the Muggles start swarmin ' around . he fall asleep as we be flyin ' over Bristol . " Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bend forward over the bundle of blanket . inside , just visible , be a baby boy , fast asleep . under a tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shape cut , like a bolt of lightning . " be that where - ? " whisper Professor McGonagall . " yes , " say Dumbledore . " he will have that scar forever . " " could n't you do something about it , Dumbledore ? " " even if I could , I would n't . scar can come in handy . I have one myself above my left knee that be a perfect map of the London underground . well -- give him here , Hagrid -- we will well get this over with . " Dumbledore take Harry in his arm and turn toward the Dursley ' house . " could I -- could I say good-bye to him , sir ? " ask Hagrid . he bend his great , shaggy head over Harry and give him what must have be a very scratchy , whiskery kiss . then , suddenly , Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog . " Shhh ! " hiss Professor McGonagall , " you will wake the Muggles ! " " S-s-sorry , " sob Hagrid , take out a large , spotted handkerchief and bury his face in it . " but I c-c-ca n't stand it - Lily an ' James dead -- an ' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles - " " Yes , yes , it be all very sad , but get a grip on yourself , Hagrid , or we will be find , " Professor McGonagall whisper , pat Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore step over the low garden wall and walk to the front door . he lay Harry gently on the doorstep , take a letter out of his cloak , tuck it inside Harry 's blanket , and then come back to the other two . for a full minute the three of them stand and look at the little bundle ; Hagrid 's shoulder shake , Professor McGonagall blink furiously , and the twinkling light that usually shine from Dumbledore 's eye seem to have go out . " well , " say Dumbledore finally , " that be that . we have no business stay here . we may as well go and join the celebration . " " yeah , " say Hagrid in a very muffle voice , " I best get this bike away . G'night , Professor McGonagall -- Professor Dumbledore , sir . " wipe his stream eye on his jacket sleeve , Hagrid swing himself onto the motorcycle and kick the engine into life ; with a roar it rise into the air and off into the night . " I shall see you soon , I expect , Professor McGonagall , " say Dumbledore , nod to her . Professor McGonagall blow her nose in reply . Dumbledore turn and walk back down the street . on the corner he stop and take out the silver Put-Outer . he click it once , and twelve ball of light speed back to their street lamp so that Privet Drive glow suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slink around the corner at the other end of the street . he could just see the bundle of blanket on the step of number four . " good luck , Harry , " he murmur . he turn on his heel and with a swish of his cloak , he be go . a breeze ruffle the neat hedge of Privet Drive , which lie silent and tidy under the inky sky , the very last place you would expect astonishing thing to happen . Harry Potter roll over inside his blanket without wake up . one small hand close on the letter beside him and he sleep on , not know he be special , not know he be famous , not know he would be wake in a few hour ' time by Mrs. Dursley 's scream as she open the front door to put out the milk bottle , nor that he would spend the next few week be prod and pinch by his cousin Dudley ... he could n't know that at this very moment , people meeting in secret all over the country be hold up their glass and say in hush voice : " to Harry Potter -- the boy who live ! " chapter TWO The Vanishing Glass nearly ten year have pass since the Dursley have wake up to find their nephew on the front step , but Privet Drive have hardly change at all . the sun rise on the same tidy front garden and light up the brass number four on the Dursley ' front door ; it creep into their living room , which be almost exactly the same as it have be on the night when Mr. Dursley have see that fateful news report about the owl . only the photograph on the mantelpiece really show how much time have pass . ten year ago , there have be lot of picture of what look like a large pink beach ball wear different-colored bonnet -- but Dudley Dursley be no longer a baby , and now the photograph show a large blond boy ride his first bicycle , on a carousel at the fair , play a computer game with his father , be hug and kiss by his mother . the room hold no sign at all that another boy live in the house , too . yet Harry Potter be still there , asleep at the moment , but not for long . his Aunt Petunia be awake and it be her shrill voice that make the first noise of the day . " up ! get up ! now ! " Harry wake with a start . his aunt rap on the door again . " up ! " she screech . Harry hear her walking toward the kitchen and then the sound of the frying pan be put on the stove . he roll onto his back and try to remember the dream he have be have . it have be a good one . there have be a fly motorcycle in it . he have a funny feeling he have have the same dream before . his aunt be back outside the door . " be you up yet ? " she demand . " nearly , " say Harry . " well , get a move on , I want you to look after the bacon . and do n't you dare let it burn , I want everything perfect on Duddy 's birthday . " Harry groan . " what do you say ? " his aunt snap through the door . " nothing , nothing ... " Dudley 's birthday -- how could he have forget ? Harry get slowly out of bed and start look for sock . he find a pair under his bed and , after pull a spider off one of them , put them on . Harry be use to spider , because the cupboard under the stair be full of them , and that be where he sleep . when he be dress he go down the hall into the kitchen . the table be almost hide beneath all Dudley 's birthday present . it look as though Dudley have get the new computer he want , not to mention the second television and the racing bike . exactly why Dudley want a racing bike be a mystery to Harry , as Dudley be very fat and hate exercise -- unless of course it involve punch somebody . Dudley 's favorite punching bag be Harry , but he could n't often catch him . Harry do n't look it , but he be very fast . perhaps it have something to do with live in a dark cupboard , but Harry have always be small and skinny for his age . he look even small and skinny than he really be because all he have to wear be old clothes of Dudley 's , and Dudley be about four time big than he be . Harry have a thin face , knobbly knee , black hair , and bright green eye . he wear round glass hold together with a lot of Scotch tape because of all the time Dudley have punch him on the nose . the only thing Harry like about his own appearance be a very thin scar on his forehead that be shape like a bolt of lightning . he have have it as long as he could remember , and the first question he could ever remember ask his Aunt Petunia be how he have get it . " in the car crash when your parent die , " she have say . " and do n't ask question . " do n't ask question -- that be the first rule for a quiet life with the Dursley . Uncle Vernon enter the kitchen as Harry be turn over the bacon . " comb your hair ! " he bark , by way of a morning greeting . about once a week , Uncle Vernon look over the top of his newspaper and shout that Harry need a haircut . Harry must have have more haircut than the rest of the boy in his class put together , but it make no difference , his hair simply grow that way -- all over the place . Harry be fry egg by the time Dudley arrive in the kitchen with his mother . Dudley look a lot like Uncle Vernon . he have a large pink face , not much neck , small , watery blue eye , and thick blond hair that lie smoothly on his thick , fat head . aunt Petunia often say that Dudley look like a baby angel -- Harry often say that Dudley look like a pig in a wig . Harry put the plate of egg and bacon on the table , which be difficult as there be n't much room . Dudley , meanwhile , be count his present . his face fall . " Thirty-six , " he say , look up at his mother and father . " that be two less than last year . " " darling , you have n't count Auntie Marge 's present , see , it be here under this big one from Mummy and Daddy . " " all right , thirty-seven then , " say Dudley , go red in the face . Harry , who could see a huge Dudley tantrum come on , begin wolf down his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turn the table over . aunt Petunia obviously scent danger , too , because she say quickly , " and we will buy you another two present while we be out today . how be that , popkin ? two more present . be that all right " Dudley think for a moment . it look like hard work . finally he say slowly , " so I will have thirty ... thirty ... " " Thirty-nine , sweetums , " say Aunt Petunia . " oh . " Dudley sit down heavily and grab the near parcel . " all right then . " Uncle Vernon chuckle . " little tyke want his money 's worth , just like his father . ' Atta boy , Dudley ! " he ruffle Dudley 's hair . at that moment the telephone ring and Aunt Petunia go to answer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon watch Dudley unwrap the racing bike , a video camera , a remote control airplane , sixteen new computer game , and a VCR . he be rip the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia come back from the telephone look both angry and worried . " bad news , Vernon , " she say . " Mrs. Figg have break her leg . she ca n't take him . " she jerk her head in Harry 's direction . Dudley 's mouth fall open in horror , but Harry 's heart give a leap . every year on Dudley 's birthday , his parent take him and a friend out for the day , to adventure park , hamburger restaurant , or the movie . every year , Harry be leave behind with Mrs. Figg , a mad old lady who live two street away . Harry hate it there . the whole house smell of cabbage and Mrs. Figg make him look at photograph of all the cat she have ever own . " now what ? " say Aunt Petunia , look furiously at Harry as though he have plan this . Harry know he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg have break her leg , but it be n't easy when he remind himself it would be a whole year before he have to look at Tibbles , Snowy , Mr. Paws , and Tufty again . " we could phone Marge , " Uncle Vernon suggest . " do n't be silly , Vernon , she hate the boy . " the Dursley often speak about Harry like this , as though he be n't there -- or rather , as though he be something very nasty that could n't understand them , like a slug . " what about what's-her-name , your friend -- Yvonne ? " " on vacation in Majorca , " snap Aunt Petunia . " you could just leave me here , " Harry put in hopefully ( he will be able to watch what he want on television for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudley 's computer ) . aunt Petunia look as though she have just swallow a lemon . " and come back and find the house in ruin ? " she snarl . " I wo n't blow up the house , " say Harry , but they be n't listen . " I suppose we could take him to the zoo , " say Aunt Petunia slowly , " ... and leave him in the car ... " " that car 's new , he be not sit in it alone ... " Dudley begin to cry loudly . in fact , he be n't really crying -- it have be year since he have really cry -- but he know that if he screw up his face and wail , his mother would give him anything he want . " dinky Duddydums , do n't cry , Mummy wo n't let him spoil your special day ! " she cry , fling her arm around him . " I ... do n't ... want ... him ... t-t-to come ! " Dudley yell between huge , pretend sob . " he always sp-spoils everything ! " he shoot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mother 's arm . just then , the doorbell ring -- " oh , good Lord , they be here ! " say Aunt Petunia frantically -- and a moment later , Dudley 's good friend , Piers Polkiss , walk in with his mother . pier be a scrawny boy with a face like a rat . he be usually the one who hold people 's arm behind their back while Dudley hit them . Dudley stop pretend to cry at once . half an hour later , Harry , who could n't believe his luck , be sit in the back of the Dursley ' car with Piers and Dudley , on the way to the zoo for the first time in his life . his aunt and uncle have n't be able to think of anything else to do with him , but before they have leave , Uncle Vernon have take Harry aside . " I be warn you , " he have say , put his large purple face right up close to Harry 's , " I be warn you now , boy -- any funny business , anything at all -- and you will be in that cupboard from now until Christmas . " " I be not go to do anything , " say Harry , " honestly ... " but Uncle Vernon do n't believe him . no one ever do . the problem be , strange thing often happen around Harry and it be just no good tell the Dursley he do n't make them happen . once , Aunt Petunia , tire of Harry come back from the barber look as though he have n't be at all , have take a pair of kitchen scissors and cut his hair so short he be almost bald except for his bang , which she leave " to hide that horrible scar . " Dudley have laugh himself silly at Harry , who spend a sleepless night imagine school the next day , where he be already laugh at for his baggy clothes and tape glass . next morning , however , he have get up to find his hair exactly as it have be before Aunt Petunia have shear it off . he have be give a week in his cupboard for this , even though he have try to explain that he could n't explain how it have grow back so quickly . another time , Aunt Petunia have be try to force him into a revolting old sweater of Dudley 's ( brown with orange puff ball ) . the harder she try to pull it over his head , the small it seem to become , until finally it might have fit a hand puppet , but certainly would n't fit Harry . aunt Petunia have decide it must have shrink in the wash and , to his great relief , Harry be n't punish . on the other hand , he have get into terrible trouble for be find on the roof of the school kitchen . Dudley 's gang have be chase him as usual when , as much to Harry 's surprise as anyone else be , there he be sit on the chimney . the Dursley have receive a very angry letter from Harry 's headmistress tell them Harry have be climb school building . but all he have try to do ( as he shout at Uncle Vernon through the lock door of his cupboard ) be jump behind the big trash can outside the kitchen door . Harry suppose that the wind must have catch him in mid-jump . but today , nothing be go to go wrong . it be even worth being with Dudley and Piers to be spend the day somewhere that be n't school , his cupboard , or Mrs. Figg 's cabbage-smelling living room . while he drive , Uncle Vernon complain to Aunt Petunia . he like to complain about thing : people at work , Harry , the council , Harry , the bank , and Harry be just a few of his favorite subject . this morning , it be motorcycle . " ... roar along like maniac , the young hoodlum , " he say , as a motorcycle overtake them . " I have a dream about a motorcycle , " say Harry , remember suddenly . " it be fly . " Uncle Vernon nearly crash into the car in front . he turn right around in his seat and yell at Harry , his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache : " motorcycle DO N'T Fly ! " Dudley and Piers snigger . " I know they do n't , " say Harry . " it be only a dream . " but he wish he have n't say anything . if there be one thing the Dursley hate even more than his ask question , it be his talking about anything act in a way it should n't , no matter if it be in a dream or even a cartoon -- they seem to think he might get dangerous idea . it be a very sunny Saturday and the zoo be crowd with family . the Dursley buy Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice cream at the entrance and then , because the smile lady in the van have ask Harry what he want before they could hurry him away , they buy him a cheap lemon ice pop . it be n't bad , either , Harry think , lick it as they watch a gorilla scratch its head who look remarkably like Dudley , except that it be n't blond . Harry have the good morning he have have in a long time . he be careful to walk a little way apart from the Dursley so that Dudley and Piers , who be start to get bore with the animal by lunchtime , would n't fall back on their favorite hobby of hit him . they eat in the zoo restaurant , and when Dudley have a tantrum because his knickerbocker glory do n't have enough ice cream on top , Uncle Vernon buy him another one and Harry be allow to finish the first . Harry feel , afterward , that he should have know it be all too good to last . after lunch they go to the reptile house . it be cool and dark in there , with light window all along the wall . behind the glass , all sort of lizard and snake be crawl and slither over bit of wood and stone . Dudley and Piers want to see huge , poisonous cobra and thick , man-crushing python . Dudley quickly find the large snake in the place . it could have wrap its body twice around Uncle Vernon 's car and crush it into a trash can -- but at the moment it do n't look in the mood . in fact , it be fast asleep . Dudley stand with his nose press against the glass , stare at the glisten brown coil . " make it move , " he whine at his father . Uncle Vernon tap on the glass , but the snake do n't budge . " do it again , " Dudley order . Uncle Vernon rap the glass smartly with his knuckle , but the snake just snooze on . " this be boring , " Dudley moan . he shuffle away . Harry move in front of the tank and look intently at the snake . he would n't have be surprise if it have die of boredom itself -- no company except stupid people drum their finger on the glass try to disturb it all day long . it be worse than have a cupboard as a bedroom , where the only visitor be Aunt Petunia hammer on the door to wake you up ; at least he get to visit the rest of the house . the snake suddenly open its beady eye . slowly , very slowly , it raise its head until its eye be on a level with Harry 's . it wink . Harry stare . then he look quickly around to see if anyone be watch . they be n't . he look back at the snake and wink , too . the snake jerk its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley , then raise its eye to the ceiling . it give Harry a look that say quite plainly : " I get that all the time . " " I know , " Harry murmur through the glass , though he be n't sure the snake could hear him . " it must be really annoy . " the snake nod vigorously . " where do you come from , anyway ? " Harry ask . the snake jab its tail at a little sign next to the glass . Harry peer at it . Boa Constrictor , Brazil . " be it nice there ? " the boa constrictor jab its tail at the sign again and Harry read on : this specimen be breed in the zoo . " oh , I see -- so you have never be to Brazil ? " as the snake shake its head , a deafen shout behind Harry make both of them jump . " Dudley ! Mr . Dursley ! come and Look AT This SNAKE ! you WO N'T BELIEVE what it be DOING ! " Dudley come waddle toward them as fast as he could . " out of the way , you , " he say , punch Harry in the rib . catch by surprise , Harry fall hard on the concrete floor . what come next happen so fast no one see how it happen -- one second , Piers and Dudley be lean right up close to the glass , the next , they have leap back with howl of horror . Harry sit up and gasp ; the glass front of the boa constrictor 's tank have vanish . the great snake be uncoil itself rapidly , slither out onto the floor . people throughout the reptile house scream and start run for the exit . as the snake slide swiftly past him , Harry could have swear a low , hiss voice say , " Brazil , here I come ... Thanksss , amigo . " the keeper of the reptile house be in shock . " but the glass , " he keep say , " where do the glass go ? " the zoo director himself make Aunt Petunia a cup of strong , sweet tea while he apologize over and over again . Piers and Dudley could only gibber . as far as Harry have see , the snake have n't do anything except snap playfully at their heel as it pass , but by the time they be all back in Uncle Vernon 's car , Dudley be tell them how it have nearly bite off his leg , while Piers be swear it have try to squeeze him to death . but bad of all , for Harry at least , be Piers calm down enough to say , " Harry be talk to it , be n't you , Harry ? " Uncle Vernon wait until Piers be safely out of the house before start on Harry . he be so angry he could hardly speak . he manage to say , " Go -- cupboard -- stay -- no meal , " before he collapse into a chair , and Aunt Petunia have to run and get him a large brandy . Harry lie in his dark cupboard much later , wish he have a watch . he do n't know what time it be and he could n't be sure the Dursley be asleep yet . until they be , he could n't risk sneak to the kitchen for some food . he have live with the Dursley almost ten year , ten miserable year , as long as he could remember , ever since he have be a baby and his parent have die in that car crash . he could n't remember be in the car when his parent have die . sometimes , when he strain his memory during long hour in his cupboard , he come up with a strange vision : a blind flash of green light and a burn pain on his forehead . this , he suppose , be the crash , though he could n't imagine where all the green light come from . he could n't remember his parent at all . his aunt and uncle never speak about them , and of course he be forbid to ask question . there be no photograph of them in the house . when he have be young , Harry have dream and dream of some unknown relation come to take him away , but it have never happen ; the Dursley be his only family . yet sometimes he think ( or maybe hope ) that stranger in the street seem to know him . very strange stranger they be , too . a tiny man in a violet top hat have bow to him once while out shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley . after ask Harry furiously if he know the man , Aunt Petunia have rush them out of the shop without buy anything . a wild-looking old woman dress all in green have wave merrily at him once on a bus . a bald man in a very long purple coat have actually shake his hand in the street the other day and then walk away without a word . the weird thing about all these people be the way they seem to vanish the second Harry try to get a close look . at school , Harry have no one . everybody know that Dudley 's gang hate that odd Harry Potter in his baggy old clothes and break glass , and nobody like to disagree with Dudley 's gang . chapter Three Letters from no one the escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earn Harry his longest-ever punishment . by the time he be allow out of his cupboard again , the summer holiday have start and Dudley have already break his new video camera , crash his remote control airplane , and , first time out on his racing bike , knock down old Mrs. Figg as she cross Privet Drive on her crutch . Harry be glad school be over , but there be no escape Dudley 's gang , who visit the house every single day . Piers , Dennis , Malcolm , and Gordon be all big and stupid , but as Dudley be the big and stupid of the lot , he be the leader . the rest of them be all quite happy to join in Dudley 's favorite sport : Harry Hunting . this be why Harry spend as much time as possible out of the house , wander around and think about the end of the holiday , where he could see a tiny ray of hope . when September come he would be go off to secondary school and , for the first time in his life , he would n't be with Dudley . Dudley have be accept at Uncle Vernon 's old private school , Smeltings . Piers Polkiss be go there too . Harry , on the other hand , be go to Stonewall High , the local public school . Dudley think this be very funny . " they stuff people 's head down the toilet the first day at Stonewall , " he tell Harry . " want to come upstairs and practice ? " " no , thanks , " say Harry . " the poor toilet have never have anything as horrible as your head down it -- it might be sick . " then he run , before Dudley could work out what he have say . one day in July , Aunt Petunia take Dudley to London to buy his Smeltings uniform , leave Harry at Mrs. Figg 's . Mrs. Figg be n't as bad as usual . it turn out she have break her leg trip over one of her cat , and she do n't seem quite as fond of them as before . she let Harry watch television and give him a bit of chocolate cake that taste as though she have have it for several year . that evening , Dudley parade around the live room for the family in his brand-new uniform . Smeltings ' boy wear maroon tailcoats , orange knickerbockers , and flat straw hat call boater . they also carry knobbly stick , use for hit each other while the teacher be n't look . this be suppose to be good training for late life . as he look at Dudley in his new knickerbockers , Uncle Vernon say gruffly that it be the proud moment of his life . aunt Petunia burst into tear and say she could n't believe it be her Ickle Dudleykins , he look so handsome and grown-up . Harry do n't trust himself to speak . he think two of his rib might already have crack from try not to laugh . there be a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when Harry go in for breakfast . it seem to be come from a large metal tub in the sink . he go to have a look . the tub be full of what look like dirty rag swim in gray water . " what be this ? " he ask Aunt Petunia . her lip tighten as they always do if he dare to ask a question . " your new school uniform , " she say . Harry look in the bowl again . " oh , " he say , " I do n't realize it have to be so wet . " " do n't be stupid , " snap Aunt Petunia . " I be dye some of Dudley 's old thing gray for you . it will look just like everyone else be when I have finish . " Harry seriously doubt this , but think it well not to argue . he sit down at the table and try not to think about how he be go to look on his first day at Stonewall High -- like he be wear bit of old elephant skin , probably . Dudley and Uncle Vernon come in , both with wrinkle nose because of the smell from Harry 's new uniform . Uncle Vernon open his newspaper as usual and Dudley bang his Smelting stick , which he carry everywhere , on the table . they hear the click of the mail slot and flop of letter on the doormat . " get the mail , Dudley , " say Uncle Vernon from behind his paper . " make Harry get it . " " get the mail , Harry . " " make Dudley get it . " " poke him with your Smelting stick , Dudley . " Harry dodge the Smelting stick and go to get the mail . three thing lie on the doormat : a postcard from Uncle Vernon 's sister Marge , who be vacation on the Isle of Wight , a brown envelope that look like a bill , and -- a letter for Harry . Harry pick it up and stare at it , his heart twang like a giant elastic band . no one , ever , in his whole life , have write to him . who would ? he have no friend , no other relative -- he do n't belong to the library , so he will never even get rude note ask for book back . yet here it be , a letter , address so plainly there could be no mistake : Mr. H. Potter the cupboard under the Stairs @card@ Privet Drive Little Whinging Surrey the envelope be thick and heavy , make of yellowish parchment , and the address be write in emerald-green ink . there be no stamp . turn the envelope over , his hand tremble , Harry see a purple wax seal bear a coat of arm ; a lion , an eagle , a badger , and a snake surround a large letter H. " Hurry up , boy ! " shout Uncle Vernon from the kitchen . " what be you do , check for letter bomb ? " he chuckle at his own joke . Harry go back to the kitchen , still stare at his letter . he hand Uncle Vernon the bill and the postcard , sit down , and slowly begin to open the yellow envelope . Uncle Vernon rip open the bill , snort in disgust , and flip over the postcard . " Marge 's ill , " he inform Aunt Petunia . " eat a funny whelk ... " " Dad ! " say Dudley suddenly . " Dad , Harry 's get something ! " Harry be on the point of unfold his letter , which be write on the same heavy parchment as the envelope , when it be jerk sharply out of his hand by Uncle Vernon . " that be mine ! " say Harry , try to snatch it back . " who will be write to you ? " sneer Uncle Vernon , shake the letter open with one hand and glance at it . his face go from red to green faster than a set of traffic light . and it do n't stop there . within second it be the grayish white of old porridge . " P-P-Petunia ! " he gasp . Dudley try to grab the letter to read it , but Uncle Vernon hold it high out of his reach . aunt Petunia take it curiously and read the first line . for a moment it look as though she might faint . she clutch her throat and make a choke noise . " Vernon ! oh my goodness -- Vernon ! " they stare at each other , seeming to have forget that Harry and Dudley be still in the room . Dudley be n't use to be ignore . he give his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick . " I want to read that letter , " he say loudly . " I want to read it , " say Harry furiously , " as it be mine . " " get out , both of you , " croak Uncle Vernon , stuff the letter back inside its envelope . Harry do n't move . " I Want My Letter ! " he shout . " let me see it ! " demand Dudley . " out ! " roar Uncle Vernon , and he take both Harry and Dudley by the scruff of their neck and throw them into the hall , slam the kitchen door behind them . Harry and Dudley promptly have a furious but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole ; Dudley win , so Harry , his glass dangle from one ear , lie flat on his stomach to listen at the crack between door and floor . " Vernon , " Aunt Petunia be say in a quiver voice , " look at the address -- how could they possibly know where he sleep ? you do n't think they be watch the house ? " " watching -- spy -- might be follow us , " mutter Uncle Vernon wildly . " but what should we do , Vernon ? should we write back ? tell them we do n't want - " Harry could see Uncle Vernon 's shiny black shoe pace up and down the kitchen . " no , " he say finally . " no , we will ignore it . if they do n't get an answer ... Yes , that be good ... we wo n't do anything ... " " but - " " I be not have one in the house , Petunia ! do n't we swear when we take him in we will stamp out that dangerous nonsense ? " that evening when he get back from work , Uncle Vernon do something he have never do before ; he visit Harry in his cupboard . " where be my letter ? " say Harry , the moment Uncle Vernon have squeeze through the door . " who be write to me ? " " no one . it be address to you by mistake , " say Uncle Vernon shortly . " I have burn it . " " it be not a mistake , " say Harry angrily , " it have my cupboard on it . " " silence ! " yell Uncle Vernon , and a couple of spider fall from the ceiling . he take a few deep breath and then force his face into a smile , which look quite painful . " er -- yes , Harry -- about this cupboard . your aunt and I have be think ... you be really get a bit big for it ... we think it might be nice if you move into Dudley 's second bedroom . " why ? " say Harry . " do n't ask question ! " snap his uncle . " take this stuff upstairs , now . " the Dursley ' house have four bedroom : one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia , one for visitor ( usually Uncle Vernon 's sister , Marge ) , one where Dudley sleep , and one where Dudley keep all the toy and thing that would n't fit into his first bedroom . it only take Harry one trip upstairs to move everything he own from the cupboard to this room . he sit down on the bed and stare around him . nearly everything in here be break . the month-old video camera be lie on top of a small , working tank Dudley have once drive over the next door neighbor 's dog ; in the corner be Dudley 's first-ever television set , which he will put his foot through when his favorite program have be cancel ; there be a large birdcage , which have once hold a parrot that Dudley have swap at school for a real air rifle , which be up on a shelf with the end all bent because Dudley have sit on it . other shelf be full of book . they be the only thing in the room that look as though they have never be touch . from downstairs come the sound of Dudley bawl at his mother , " I do n't want him in there ... I need that room ... make him get out ... " Harry sigh and stretch out on the bed . yesterday he will have give anything to be up here . today he will rather be back in his cupboard with that letter than up here without it . next morning at breakfast , everyone be rather quiet . Dudley be in shock . he have scream , whack his father with his Smelting stick , be sick on purpose , kick his mother , and throw his tortoise through the greenhouse roof , and he still do n't have his room back . Harry be think about this time yesterday and bitterly wish he have open the letter in the hall . Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia keep look at each other darkly . when the mail arrive , Uncle Vernon , who seem to be try to be nice to Harry , make Dudley go and get it . they hear him bang thing with his Smelting stick all the way down the hall . then he shout , " there be another one ! ' Mr. H. Potter , the Smallest Bedroom , @card@ Privet Drive - ' " with a strangle cry , Uncle Vernon leap from his seat and run down the hall , Harry right behind him . Uncle Vernon have to wrestle Dudley to the ground to get the letter from him , which be make difficult by the fact that Harry have grab Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind . after a minute of confused fighting , in which everyone get hit a lot by the Smelting stick , Uncle Vernon straighten up , gasp for breath , with Harry 's letter clutch in his hand . " go to your cupboard -- I mean , your bedroom , " he wheeze at Harry . " Dudley -- go -- just go . " Harry walk round and round his new room . someone know he have move out of his cupboard and they seem to know he have n't receive his first letter . surely that mean they will try again ? and this time he will make sure they do n't fail . he have a plan . the repair alarm clock ring at six o'clock the next morning . Harry turn it off quickly and dress silently . he must n't wake the Dursley . he steal downstairs without turn on any of the light . he be go to wait for the postman on the corner of Privet Drive and get the letter for number four first . his heart hammer as he creep across the dark hall toward the front door - " AAAAARRRGH ! " Harry leap into the air ; he have tread on something big and squashy on the doormat -- something alive ! light click on upstairs and to his horror Harry realize that the big , squashy something have be his uncle 's face . Uncle Vernon have be lie at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag , clearly make sure that Harry do n't do exactly what he have be try to do . he shout at Harry for about half an hour and then tell him to go and make a cup of tea . Harry shuffle miserably off into the kitchen and by the time he get back , the mail have arrive , right into Uncle Vernon 's lap . Harry could see three letter address in green ink . " I want - " he begin , but Uncle Vernon be tear the letter into piece before his eye . Uncle Vernon do n't go to work that day . he stay at home and nail up the mail slot . " see , " he explain to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nail , " if they ca n't deliver them they will just give up . " " I be not sure that will work , Vernon . " " oh , these people 's mind work in strange way , Petunia , they be not like you and me , " say Uncle Vernon , try to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia have just bring him . on Friday , no less than twelve letter arrive for Harry . as they could n't go through the mail slot they have be push under the door , slot through the side , and a few even force through the small window in the downstairs bathroom . Uncle Vernon stay at home again . after burn all the letter , he get out a hammer and nail and board up the crack around the front and back door so no one could go out . he hum " Tiptoe through the tulip " as he work , and jump at small noise . on Saturday , thing begin to get out of hand . Twenty-four letter to Harry find their way into the house , roll up and hide inside each of the two dozen egg that their very confuse milkman have hand Aunt Petunia through the live room window . while Uncle Vernon make furious telephone call to the post office and the dairy try to find someone to complain to , Aunt Petunia shred the letter in her food processor . " who on earth want to talk to you this badly ? " Dudley ask Harry in amazement . on Sunday morning , Uncle Vernon sit down at the breakfast table look tired and rather ill , but happy . " no post on Sunday , " he remind them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspaper , " no damn letter today - " something come whiz down the kitchen chimney as he speak and catch him sharply on the back of the head . next moment , thirty or forty letter come pelt out of the fireplace like bullet . the Dursley duck , but Harry leap into the air try to catch one - " Out ! out ! " Uncle Vernon seize Harry around the waist and throw him into the hall . when Aunt Petunia and Dudley have run out with their arm over their face , Uncle Vernon slam the door shut . they could hear the letter still stream into the room , bounce off the wall and floor . " that do it , " say Uncle Vernon , try to speak calmly but pull great tuft out of his mustache at the same time . " I want you all back here in five minute ready to leave . we be go away . just pack some clothes . no argument ! " he look so dangerous with half his mustache miss that no one dare argue . ten minute later they have wrench their way through the boarded-up door and be in the car , speed toward the highway . Dudley be sniffle in the back seat ; his father have hit him round the head for hold them up while he try to pack his television , VCR , and computer in his sport bag . they drive . and they drive . even Aunt Petunia do n't dare ask where they be go . every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and drive in the opposite direction for a while . " Shake ' em off ... shake ' em off , " he would mutter whenever he do this . they do n't stop to eat or drink all day . by nightfall Dudley be howl . he will never have such a bad day in his life . he be hungry , he have miss five television program he have want to see , and he have never go so long without blow up an alien on his computer . Uncle Vernon stop at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the outskirt of a big city . Dudley and Harry share a room with twin bed and damp , musty sheet . Dudley snore but Harry stay awake , sit on the windowsill , stare down at the light of pass car and wonder ... they eat stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomato on toast for breakfast the next day . they have just finish when the owner of the hotel come over to their table . " ' Scuse me , but be one of you Mr. H. Potter ? only I get about an ' undred of these at the front desk . " she hold up a letter so they could read the green ink address : Mr. H. Potter Room @card@ Railview Hotel Cokeworth Harry make a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon knock his hand out of the way . the woman stare . " I will take them , " say Uncle Vernon , stand up quickly and follow her from the dining room . " would n't it be well just to go home , dear ? " aunt Petunia suggest timidly , hour later , but Uncle Vernon do n't seem to hear her . exactly what he be look for , none of them know . he drive them into the middle of a forest , get out , look around , shake his head , get back in the car , and off they go again . the same thing happen in the middle of a plow field , halfway across a suspension bridge , and at the top of a multilevel parking garage . " daddy be go mad , have n't he ? " Dudley ask Aunt Petunia dully late that afternoon . Uncle Vernon have park at the coast , lock them all inside the car , and disappear . it start to rain . great drop beat on the roof of the car . Dudley snivel . " it be Monday , " he tell his mother . " the Great Humberto 's on tonight . I want to stay somewhere with a television . " Monday . this remind Harry of something . if it be Monday -- and you could usually count on Dudley to know the day the week , because of television -- then tomorrow , Tuesday , be Harry 's eleventh birthday . of course , his birthday be never exactly fun -- last year , the Dursley have give him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernon 's old sock . still , you be n't eleven every day . Uncle Vernon be back and he be smile . he be also carry a long , thin package and do n't answer Aunt Petunia when she ask what he have buy . " find the perfect place ! " he say . " come on ! everyone out ! " it be very cold outside the car . Uncle Vernon be point at what look like a large rock way out at sea . perch on top of the rock be the most miserable little shack you could imagine . one thing be certain , there be no television in there . " storm forecast for tonight ! " say Uncle Vernon gleefully , clap his hand together . " and this gentleman be kindly agree to lend us his boat ! " a toothless old man come amble up to them , point , with a rather wicked grin , at an old rowboat bob in the iron-gray water below them . " I have already get us some ration , " say Uncle Vernon , " so all aboard ! " it be freeze in the boat . icy sea spray and rain creep down their neck and a chilly wind whip their face . after what seem like hour they reach the rock , where Uncle Vernon , slip and slide , lead the way to the broken-down house . the inside be horrible ; it smell strongly of seaweed , the wind whistle through the gap in the wooden wall , and the fireplace be damp and empty . there be only two room . Uncle Vernon 's ration turn out to be a bag of chip each and four banana . he try to start a fire but the empty chip bag just smoke and shrivel up . " could do with some of those letter now , eh ? " he say cheerfully . he be in a very good mood . obviously he think nobody stand a chance of reach them here in a storm to deliver mail . Harry privately agree , though the thought do n't cheer him up at all . as night fall , the promised storm blow up around them . spray from the high wave splatter the wall of the hut and a fierce wind rattle the filthy window . aunt Petunia find a few moldy blanket in the second room and make up a bed for Dudley on the moth-eaten sofa . she and Uncle Vernon go off to the lumpy bed next door , and Harry be leave to find the soft bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thin , most ragged blanket . the storm rage more and more ferociously as the night go on . Harry could n't sleep . he shiver and turn over , try to get comfortable , his stomach rumble with hunger . Dudley 's snore be drown by the low roll of thunder that start near midnight . the lighted dial of Dudley 's watch , which be dangle over the edge of the sofa on his fat wrist , tell Harry he will be eleven in ten minute ' time . he lie and watch his birthday tick near , wonder if the Dursley would remember at all , wonder where the letter writer be now . five minute to go . Harry hear something creak outside . he hope the roof be n't go to fall in , although he might be warm if it do . four minute to go . maybe the house in Privet Drive would be so full of letter when they get back that he will be able to steal one somehow . three minute to go . be that the sea , slap hard on the rock like that ? and ( two minute to go ) what be that funny crunch noise ? be the rock crumble into the sea ? one minute to go and he will be eleven . thirty second ... twenty ... ten ... nine -- maybe he will wake Dudley up , just to annoy him -- three ... two ... one ... Boom . the whole shack shiver and Harry sit bolt upright , stare at the door . someone be outside , knock to come in . chapter Four The Keeper of the Keys Boom . they knock again . Dudley jerk awake . " where be the cannon ? " he say stupidly . there be a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon come skid into the room . he be hold a rifle in his hand - now they know what have be in the long , thin package he have bring with them . " who be there ? " he shout . " I warn you -- I be arm ! " there be a pause . then - SMASH ! the door be hit with such force that it swing clean off its hinge and with a deafen crash land flat on the floor . a giant of a man be stand in the doorway . his face be almost completely hide by a long , shaggy mane of hair and a wild , tangled beard , but you could make out his eye , glint like black beetle under all the hair . the giant squeeze his way into the hut , stoop so that his head just brush the ceiling . he bend down , pick up the door , and fit it easily back into its frame . the noise of the storm outside drop a little . he turn to look at them all . " could n't make us a cup o ' tea , could yeh ? it have not be an easy journey ... " he stride over to the sofa where Dudley sit freeze with fear . " budge up , yeh great lump , " say the stranger . Dudley squeak and run to hide behind his mother , who be crouch , terrify , behind Uncle Vernon . " an ' here be Harry ! " say the giant . Harry look up into the fierce , wild , shadowy face and see that the beetle eye be crinkle in a smile . " Las ' time I see you , you be only a baby , " say the giant . " Yeh look a lot like yer dad , but Yeh have get yer mom 's eye . " Uncle Vernon make a funny rasping noise . " I demand that you leave at once , sir ! " he say . " you be break and enter ! " " ah , shut up , Dursley , Yeh great prune , " say the giant ; he reach over the back of the sofa , jerk the gun out of Uncle Vernon 's hand , bend it into a knot as easily as if it have be make of rubber , and throw it into a corner of the room . Uncle Vernon make another funny noise , like a mouse be tread on . " anyway -- Harry , " say the giant , turn his back on the Dursley , " a very happy birthday to Yeh . get summat fer yeh here -- I mighta sit on it at some point , but it will taste all right . " from an inside pocket of his black overcoat he pull a slightly squash box . Harry open it with tremble finger . inside be a large , sticky chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Harry write on it in green icing . Harry look up at the giant . he mean to say thank you , but the word get lose on the way to his mouth , and what he say instead be , " who be you ? " the giant chuckle . " true , I have n't introduce meself . Rubeus Hagrid , Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts . " he hold out an enormous hand and shake Harry 's whole arm . " what about that tea then , eh ? " he say , rub his hand together . " I will not say no ter summat strong if Yeh have get it , mind . " his eye fall on the empty grate with the shrivel chip bag in it and he snort . he bend down over the fireplace ; they could n't see what he be do but when he draw back a second later , there be a roar fire there . it fill the whole damp hut with flicker light and Harry feel the warmth wash over him as though he have sink into a hot bath . the giant sit back down on the sofa , which sag under his weight , and begin take all sort of thing out of the pocket of his coat : a copper kettle , a squashy package of sausage , a poker , a teapot , several chip mug , and a bottle of some amber liquid that he take a swig from before start to make tea . soon the hut be full of the sound and smell of sizzling sausage . nobody say a thing while the giant be work , but as he slide the first six fat , juicy , slightly burn sausage from the poker , Dudley fidget a little . Uncle Vernon say sharply , " do n't touch anything he give you , Dudley . " the giant chuckle darkly . " Yer great puddin ' of a son don ' need fattenin ' anymore , Dursley , don ' worry . " he pass the sausage to Harry , who be so hungry he have never taste anything so wonderful , but he still could n't take his eye off the giant . finally , as nobody seem about to explain anything , he say , " I be sorry , but I still do n't really know who you be . " the giant take a gulp of tea and wipe his mouth with the back of his hand . " call me Hagrid , " he say , " everyone do . an ' like I tell yeh , I be Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts -- Yeh will know all about Hogwarts , o ' course . " er -- no , " say Harry . Hagrid look shocked . " sorry , " Harry say quickly . " sorry ? " bark Hagrid , turn to stare at the Dursley , who shrink back into the shadow . " it be them as should be sorry ! I know yeh be n't gettin ' yer letter but I never think Yeh would n't even know abou ' Hogwarts , fer cryin ' out loud ! do yeh never wonder where yer parent learn it all ? " " all what ? " ask Harry . " all what ? " Hagrid thunder . " now wait jus ' one second ! " he have leap to his foot . in his anger he seem to fill the whole hut . the Dursley be cower against the wall . " do you mean ter tell me , " he growl at the Dursley , " that this boy -- this boy ! -- know nothin ' abou ' -- about ANYTHING ? " Harry think this be go a bit far . he have be to school , after all , and his mark be n't bad . " I know some thing , " he say . " I can , you know , do math and stuff . " but Hagrid simply wave his hand and say , " about our world , I mean . your world . my world . Yer parent ' world . " " what world ? " Hagrid look as if he be about to explode . " Dursley ! " he boom . Uncle Vernon , who have go very pale , whisper something that sound like " Mimblewimble . " Hagrid stare wildly at Harry . " but Yeh must know about yer mom and dad , " he say . " I mean , they be famous . you be famous . " " what ? my -- my mom and dad be n't famous , be they ? " " Yeh don ' know ... yeh don ' know ... " Hagrid run his finger through his hair , fix Harry with a bewilder stare . " Yeh don ' know what yeh be ? " he say finally . Uncle Vernon suddenly find his voice . " stop ! " he command . " stop right there , sir ! I forbid you to tell the boy anything ! " a brave man than Vernon Dursley would have quail under the furious look Hagrid now give him ; when Hagrid speak , his every syllable tremble with rage . " you never tell him ? never tell him what be in the letter Dumbledore leave fer him ? I be there ! I see Dumbledore leave it , Dursley ! an ' you have keep it from him all these year ? " " keep what from me ? " say Harry eagerly . " stop ! I FORBID you ! " yell Uncle Vernon in panic . aunt Petunia give a gasp of horror . " ah , go boil yer head , both of yeh , " say Hagrid . " Harry -- yer a wizard . " there be silence inside the hut . only the sea and the whistle wind could be hear . " I be a what ? " gasp Harry . " a wizard , o ' course , " say Hagrid , sit back down on the sofa , which groan and sink even low , " an ' a thumpin ' good ' un , I will say , once yeh have be train up a bit . with a mum an ' dad like yours , what else would yeh be ? an ' I reckon it be abou ' time yeh read yer letter . " Harry stretch out his hand at last to take the yellowish envelope , address in emerald green to Mr. H. Potter , the floor , Hut-on-the-Rock , the Sea . he pull out the letter and read : HOGWARTS School of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster : Albus DUMBLEDORE ( Order of Merlin , First Class , Grand Sorc . , Chf . Warlock , Supreme Mugwump , International Confed . of Wizards ) Dear Mr. Potter , we be please to inform you that you have be accept at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry . please find enclose a list of all necessary book and equipment . term begin on September @card@ . we await your owl by no later than July @card@ . yours sincerely , Minerva McGonagall , Deputy Headmistress question explode inside Harry 's head like firework and he could n't decide which to ask first . after a few minute he stammer , " what do it mean , they await my owl ? " " Gallopin ' Gorgon , that remind me , " say Hagrid , clap a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse , and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pull an owl -- a real , live , rather ruffled-looking owl -- a long quill , and a roll of parchment . with his tongue between his tooth he scribble a note that Harry could read upside down : Dear Professor Dumbledore , Given Harry his letter . take him to buy his thing tomorrow . weather be horrible . hope you be well . Hagrid Hagrid roll up the note , give it to the owl , which clamp it in its beak , go to the door , and throw the owl out into the storm . then he come back and sit down as though this be as normal as talk on the telephone . Harry realize his mouth be open and close it quickly . " where be I ? " say Hagrid , but at that moment , Uncle Vernon , still ashen-faced but look very angry , move into the firelight . " he be not go , " he say . Hagrid grunt . " I will like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him , " he say . " a what ? " say Harry , interested . " a Muggle , " say Hagrid , " it be what we call nonmagic folk like them . an ' it be your bad luck you grow up in a family o ' the big Muggles I ever lay eye on . " " we swear when we take him in we will put a stop to that rubbish , " say Uncle Vernon , " swear we will stamp it out of him ! wizard indeed ! " " you know ? " say Harry . " you know I be a -- a wizard ? " " know ! " shriek Aunt Petunia suddenly . " know ! of course we know ! how could you not be , my dratted sister be what she be ? oh , she get a letter just like that and disappear off to that -- that school -- and come home every vacation with her pocket full of frog spawn , turn teacup into rat . I be the only one who see her for what she be -- a freak ! but for my mother and father , oh no , it be Lily this and Lily that , they be proud of have a witch in the family ! " she stop to draw a deep breath and then go rant on . it seem she have be want to say all this for year . " then she meet that Potter at school and they leave and get marry and have you , and of course I know you will be just the same , just as strange , just as -- as - abnormal -- and then , if you please , she go and get herself blow up and we get land with you ! " Harry have go very white . as soon as he find his voice he say , " Blown up ? you tell me they die in a car crash ! " " car crash ! " roar Hagrid , jump up so angrily that the Dursley scuttle back to their corner . " how could a car crash kill Lily an ' James Potter ? it be an outrage ! a scandal ! Harry Potter not knowin ' his own story when every kid in our world know his name ! " " but why ? what happen ? " Harry ask urgently . the anger fade from Hagrid 's face . he look suddenly anxious . " I never expect this , " he say , in a low , worried voice . " I have no idea , when Dumbledore tell me there might be trouble gettin ' hold of Yeh , how much yeh do n't know . ah , Harry , I don ' know if I be the right person ter tell yeh -- but someone be gotta -- yeh ca n't go off ter Hogwarts not knowin ' . " he throw a dirty look at the Dursley . " well , it 's good yeh know as much as I can tell yeh -- mind , I ca n't tell Yeh everythin ' , it be a great myst'ry , part of it ... " he sit down , stare into the fire for a few second , and then say , " it begin , I suppose , with -- with a person call -- but it be incredible yeh do n't know his name , everyone in our world know - " " who ? " " well -- I don ' like sayin ' the name if I can help it . no one do . " " why not ? " " Gulpin ' gargoyle , Harry , people be still scare . Blimey , this be difficult . see , there be this wizard who go ... bad . as bad as you could go . bad . bad than bad . his name be ... " Hagrid gulp , but no word come out . " could you write it down ? " Harry suggest . " Nah -- ca n't spell it . all right -- Voldemort . " Hagrid shudder . " Don ' make me say it again . anyway , this -- this wizard , about twenty year ago now , start lookin ' fer follower . Got ' em , too -- some be afraid , some just want a bit o ' his power , ' cause he be gettin ' himself power , all right . dark day , Harry . do n't know who ter trust , do n't dare get friendly with strange wizard or witch ... terrible thing happen . he be takin ' over . ' Course , some stand up to him -- an ' he kill ' em . horribly . one o ' the only safe place leave be Hogwarts . reckon Dumbledore be the only one You-Know-Who be afraid of . do n't dare try takin ' the school , not jus ' then , anyway . " now , yer mum an ' dad be as good a witch an ' wizard as I ever know . head boy an ' girl at Hogwarts in their day ! suppose the myst'ry be why You-Know-Who never try to get ' em on his side before ... probably know they be too close ter Dumbledore ter want anythin ' ter do with the dark side . " maybe he think he could persuade ' em ... maybe he just want ' em outta the way . all anyone know be , he turn up in the village where you be all living , on Halloween ten year ago . you be just a year old . he come ter yer house an ' -- an ' - " Hagrid suddenly pull out a very dirty , spotted handkerchief and blow his nose with a sound like a foghorn . " sorry , " he say . " but it be that sad -- know yer mum an ' dad , an ' nice people yeh could n't find -- anywa ... " You-Know-Who kill ' em . an ' then -- an ' this be the real myst'ry of the thing -- he try to kill you , too . wanted ter make a clean job of it , I suppose , or maybe he just like killin ' by then . but he could n't do it . never wonder how you get that mark on yer forehead ? that be no ordinary cut . that be what yeh get when a powerful , evil curse touch yeh -- take care of yer mum an ' dad an ' yer house , even -- but it do n't work on you , an ' that be why yer famous , Harry . no one ever live after he decide ter kill ' em , no one except you , an ' he have kill some o ' the good witch an ' wizard of the age -- the McKinnons , the Bones , the Prewetts -- an ' you be only a baby , an ' you live . " something very painful be go on in Harry 's mind . as Hagrid 's story come to a close , he see again the blind flash of green light , more clearly than he have ever remember it before -- and he remember something else , for the first time in his life : a high , cold , cruel laugh . Hagrid be watch him sadly . " take Yeh from the ruin house myself , on Dumbledore 's order . bring yeh ter this lot ... . " " load of old tosh , " say Uncle Vernon . Harry jump ; he have almost forget that the Dursley be there . Uncle Vernon certainly seem to have get back his courage . he be glaring at Hagrid and his fist be clench . " now , you listen here , boy , " he snarl , " I accept there be something strange about you , probably nothing a good beating would n't have cure -- and as for all this about your parent , well , they be weirdoes , no deny it , and the world 's well off without them in my opinion -- ask for all they get , get mix up with these wizarding type -- just what I expect , always know they will come to a sticky end - " but at that moment , Hagrid leap from the sofa and draw a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat . point this at Uncle Vernon like a sword , he say , " I be warn you , Dursley -- I be warn you -- one more word ... " in danger of be spear on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant , Uncle Vernon 's courage fail again ; he flatten himself against the wall and fall silent . " that be good , " say Hagrid , breathe heavily and sit back down on the sofa , which this time sag right down to the floor . Harry , meanwhile , still have question to ask , hundred of them . " but what happen to Vol- , sorry -- I mean , You-Know-Who ? " " good question , Harry . disappear . vanish . same night he try ter kill you . make Yeh even more famous . that be the big myst'ry , see ... he be gettin ' more an ' more powerful -- why will he go ? " some say he die . codswallop , in my opinion . dunno if he have enough human left in him to die . some say he be still out there , bidin ' his time , like , but I don ' believe it . people who be on his side come back ter ours . some of ' em come outta kinda trance . Don ' reckon they could have do if he be comin ' back . " most of us reckon he be still out there somewhere but lose his power . too weak to carry on . ' Cause somethin ' about you finish him , Harry . there be somethin ' goin ' on that night he have n't count on -- I dunno what it be , no one do -- but somethin ' about you stump him , all right . " Hagrid look at Harry with warmth and respect blaze in his eye , but Harry , instead of feel pleased and proud , feel quite sure there have be a horrible mistake . a wizard ? him ? how could he possibly be ? he have spend his life be clout by Dudley , and bully by Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon ; if he be really a wizard , why have n't they be turn into warty toad every time they have try to lock him in his cupboard ? if he have once defeat the great sorcerer in the world , how come Dudley have always be able to kick him around like a football ? " Hagrid , " he say quietly , " I think you must have make a mistake . I do n't think I can be a wizard . " to his surprise , Hagrid chuckle . " not a wizard , eh ? never make thing happen when you be scared or angry ? " Harry look into the fire . now he come to think about it ... every odd thing that have ever make his aunt and uncle furious with him have happen when he , Harry , have be upset or angry ... chase by Dudley 's gang , he have somehow find himself out of their reach ... dread go to school with that ridiculous haircut , he have manage to make it grow back ... and the very last time Dudley have hit him , have n't he get his revenge , without even realize he be do it ? have n't he set a boa constrictor on him ? Harry look back at Hagrid , smile , and see that Hagrid be positively beaming at him . " see ? " say Hagrid . " Harry Potter , not a wizard -- you wait , you will be right famous at Hogwarts . " but Uncle Vernon be n't go to give in without a fight . " have n't I tell you he be not go ? " he hiss . " he be go to Stonewall High and he will be grateful for it . I have read those letter and he need all sort of rubbish -- spell book and wand and - " " if he want ter go , a great Muggle like you wo n't stop him , " growl Hagrid . " stop Lily an ' James Potter 's son goin ' ter Hogwarts ! Yer mad . his name have be down ever since he be bear . he be off ter the fine school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world . seven year there and he wo n't know himself . he will be with youngster of his own sort , fer a change , an ' he will be under the great headmaster Hogwarts ever have Albus Dumbled - " " I be NOT PAYING for SOME CRACKPOT Old FOOL To Teach HIM Magic TRICKS ! " yell Uncle Vernon . but he have finally go too far . Hagrid seize his umbrella and whirl it over his head , " Never - " he thunder , " - insult -- Albus -- DUMBLEDORE -- in -- Front -- of -- ME ! " he bring the umbrella swish down through the air to point at Dudley -- there be a flash of violet light , a sound like a firecracker , a sharp squeal , and the next second , Dudley be dance on the spot with his hand clasp over his fat bottom , howl in pain . when he turn his back on them , Harry see a curly pig 's tail poke through a hole in his trouser . Uncle Vernon roar . pull Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room , he cast one last terrify look at Hagrid and slam the door behind them . Hagrid look down at his umbrella and stroke his beard . " Shouldn'ta lose me temper , " he say ruefully , " but it do n't work anyway . mean ter turn him into a pig , but I suppose he be so much like a pig anyway there be n't much leave ter do . " he cast a sideways look at Harry under his bushy eyebrow . " be grateful if Yeh do n't mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts , " he say . " I be -- er -- not suppose ter do magic , strictly speakin ' . I be allow ter do a bit ter follow Yeh an ' get yer letter to yeh an ' stuff -- one o ' the reason I be so keen ter take on the job . " " why be n't you suppose to do magic ? " ask Harry . " oh , well -- I be at Hogwarts meself but I -- er -- get expel , ter tell yeh the truth . in me third year . they snap me wand in half an ' everything . but Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper . great man , Dumbledore . " " why be you expel ? " " it be gettin ' late and we have get lot ter do tomorrow , " say Hagrid loudly . " gotta get up ter town , get all yer book an ' that . " he take off his thick black coat and throw it to Harry . " you can kip under that , " he say . " Don ' mind if it wriggle a bit , I think I still get a couple o ' doormice in one o ' the pocket . " chapter FIVE Diagon Alley Harry wake early the next morning . although he could tell it be daylight , he keep his eye shut tight . it be a dream , he tell himself firmly . I dream a giant call Hagrid come to tell me I be go to a school for wizard . when I open my eye I will be at home in my cupboard . there be suddenly a loud tap noise . and there be Aunt Petunia knock on the door , Harry think , his heart sinking . but he still do n't open his eye . it have be such a good dream . tap . tap . tap . " all right , " Harry mumble , " I be get up . " he sit up and Hagrid 's heavy coat fall off him . the hut be full of sunlight , the storm be over , Hagrid himself be asleep on the collapsed sofa , and there be an owl rap its claw on the window , a newspaper hold in its beak . Harry scramble to his foot , so happy he feel as though a large balloon be swell inside him . he go straight to the window and jerk it open . the owl swoop in and drop the newspaper on top of Hagrid , who do n't wake up . the owl then flutter onto the floor and begin to attack Hagrid 's coat . " do n't do that . " Harry try to wave the owl out of the way , but it snap its beak fiercely at him and carry on savage the coat . " Hagrid ! " say Harry loudly . " there be an owl - " " pay him , " Hagrid grunt into the sofa . " what ? " " he want payin ' fer deliverin ' the paper . look in the pocket . " Hagrid 's coat seem to be make of nothing but pocket -- bunch of key , slug pellet , ball of string , peppermint humbug , teabags ... finally , Harry pull out a handful of strange-looking coin . " give him five Knuts , " say Hagrid sleepily . " Knuts ? " " the little bronze one . " Harry count out five little bronze coin , and the owl hold out his leg so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tie to it . then he fly off through the open window . Hagrid yawn loudly , sit up , and stretch . " well be off , Harry , lot ter do today , gotta get up ter London an ' buy all yer stuff fer school . " Harry be turn over the wizard coin and look at them . he have just think of something that make him feel as though the happy balloon inside him have get a puncture . " Um -- Hagrid ? " " mm. ? " say Hagrid , who be pull on his huge boot . " I have n't get any money -- and you hear Uncle Vernon last night ... he wo n't pay for me to go and learn magic . " " do n't worry about that , " say Hagrid , stand up and scratch his head . " D'yeh think yer parent do n't leave yeh anything ? " " but if their house be destroy - " " they didn ' keep their gold in the house , boy ! Nah , first stop fer us be Gringotts . wizard ' bank . have a sausage , they be not bad cold -- an ' I wouldn ' say no teh a bit o ' yer birthday cake , neither . " " wizard have bank ? " " just the one . Gringotts . run by goblin . " Harry drop the bit of sausage he be hold . " goblin ? " " yeah -- so Yeh will be mad ter try an ' rob it , I will tell yeh that . never mess with goblin , Harry . Gringotts be the safe place in the world fer anything yeh want ter keep safe -- ' cept maybe Hogwarts . as a matter o ' fact , I gotta visit Gringotts anyway . Fer Dumbledore . Hogwarts business . " Hagrid draw himself up proudly . " he usually get me ter do important stuff fer him . Fetchin ' you -- gettin ' thing from Gringotts -- know he can trust me , see . " " get everythin ' ? come on , then . " Harry follow Hagrid out onto the rock . the sky be quite clear now and the sea gleam in the sunlight . the boat Uncle Vernon have hire be still there , with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm . " how do you get here ? " Harry ask , look around for another boat . " flew , " say Hagrid . " fly ? " " yeah -- but we will go back in this . not s'pposed ter use magic now I have get yeh . " they settle down in the boat , Harry still stare at Hagrid , try to imagine him fly . " seem a shame ter row , though , " say Hagrid , give Harry another of his sideways look . " if I be ter -- er -- speed thing up a bit , would yeh mind not mentionin ' it at Hogwarts ? " " of course not , " say Harry , eager to see more magic . Hagrid pull out the pink umbrella again , tap it twice on the side of the boat , and they speed off toward land . " why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts ? " Harry ask . " spell -- enchantment , " say Hagrid , unfold his newspaper as he speak . " they say there be dragon guardin ' the high security vault . and then yeh gotta find yer way -- Gringotts be hundred of mile under London , see . deep under the underground . Yeh will die of hunger tryin ' ter get out , even if yeh do manage ter get yer hand on summat . " Harry sit and think about this while Hagrid read his newspaper , the Daily Prophet . Harry have learn from Uncle Vernon that people like to be leave alone while they do this , but it be very difficult , he have never have so many question in his life . " ministry o ' Magic messin ' thing up as usual , " Hagrid mutter , turn the page . " there be a Ministry of Magic ? " Harry ask , before he could stop himself . " ' Course , " say Hagrid . " they want Dumbledore fer Minister , o ' course , but he will never leave Hogwarts , so old Cornelius Fudge get the job . bungler if ever there be one . so he pelt Dumbledore with owl every morning , Askin ' fer advice . " " but what do a Ministry of Magic do ? " " well , their main job be to keep it from the Muggles that there be still witch an ' wizard up an ' down the country . " " why ? " " why ? Blimey , Harry , everyone will be wantin ' magic solution to their problem . Nah , we be well leave alone . " at this moment the boat bump gently into the harbor wall . Hagrid fold up his newspaper , and they clamber up the stone step onto the street . passerby stare a lot at Hagrid as they walk through the little town to the station . Harry could n't blame them . not only be Hagrid twice as tall as anyone else , he keep point at perfectly ordinary thing like parking meter and say loudly , " see that , Harry ? thing these Muggles dream up , eh ? " " Hagrid , " say Harry , pant a bit as he run to keep up , " do you say there be dragon at Gringotts ? " " well , so they say , " say Hagrid . " Crikey , I will like a dragon . " " you will like one ? " " want one ever since I be a kid -- here we go . " they have reach the station . there be a train to London in five minute ' time . Hagrid , who do n't understand " Muggle money , " as he call it , give the bill to Harry so he could buy their ticket . people stare more than ever on the train . Hagrid take up two seat and sit knit what look like a canary-yellow circus tent . " still get yer letter , Harry ? " he ask as he count stitch . Harry take the parchment envelope out of his pocket . " good , " say Hagrid . " there be a list there of everything yeh need . " Harry unfold a second piece of paper he have n't notice the night before , and read : HOGWARTS School of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY uniform First-year student will require : 1 . three set of plain work robe ( black ) @card@ . one plain pointed hat ( black ) for day wear @card@ . one pair of protective glove ( dragon hide or similar ) @card@ . one winter cloak ( black , silver fastening ) Please note that all pupil ' clothes should carry name tag Course BOOKS all student should have a copy of each of the following : the Standard Book of Spells ( Grade 1)by Miranda Goshawk a history of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginners ' Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch One Thousand Magical Herb and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and where to find Them by Newt Scamander the dark force : a Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble Other Equipment @card@ wand @card@ cauldron ( pewter , standard size @card@ ) @card@ set of glass or crystal phial @card@ telescope set @card@ brass scale student may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad parent be REMINDED THAT FIRST year be NOT ALLOWED THEIR Own BROOMSTICKS " can we buy all this in London ? " Harry wonder aloud . " if yeh know where to go , " say Hagrid . Harry have never be to London before . although Hagrid seem to know where he be go , he be obviously not use to get there in an ordinary way . he get stick in the ticket barrier on the underground , and complain loudly that the seat be too small and the train too slow . " I do n't know how the Muggles manage without magic , " he say as they climb a broken-down escalator that lead up to a bustle road line with shop . Hagrid be so huge that he part the crowd easily ; all Harry have to do be keep close behind him . they pass book shop and music store , hamburger restaurant and cinema , but nowhere that look as if it could sell you a magic wand . this be just an ordinary street full of ordinary people . could there really be pile of wizard gold bury mile beneath them ? be there really shop that sell spell book and broomstick ? might this not all be some huge joke that the Dursley have cook up ? if Harry have n't know that the Dursley have no sense of humor , he might have think so ; yet somehow , even though everything Hagrid have tell him so far be unbelievable , Harry could n't help trust him . " this be it , " say Hagrid , come to a halt , " the Leaky Cauldron . it be a famous place . " it be a tiny , grubby-looking pub . if Hagrid have n't point it out , Harry would n't have notice it be there . the people hurry by do n't glance at it . their eye slide from the big book shop on one side to the record shop on the other as if they could n't see the Leaky Cauldron at all . in fact , Harry have the most peculiar feeling that only he and Hagrid could see it . before he could mention this , Hagrid have steer him inside . for a famous place , it be very dark and shabby . a few old woman be sit in a corner , drink tiny glass of sherry . one of them be smoke a long pipe . a little man in a top hat be talk to the old bartender , who be quite bald and look like a toothless walnut . the low buzz of chatter stop when they walk in . everyone seem to know Hagrid ; they wave and smile at him , and the bartender reach for a glass , say , " the usual , Hagrid ? " " can n't , Tom , I be on Hogwarts business , " say Hagrid , clap his great hand on Harry 's shoulder and make Harry 's knee buckle . " Good Lord , " say the bartender , peer at Harry , " be this -- can this be - ? " the Leaky Cauldron have suddenly go completely still and silent . " bless my soul , " whisper the old bartender , " Harry Potter ... what an honor . " he hurry out from behind the bar , rush toward Harry and seize his hand , tear in his eye . " welcome back , Mr. Potter , welcome back . " Harry do n't know what to say . everyone be look at him . the old woman with the pipe be puff on it without realize it have go out . Hagrid be beaming . then there be a great scrape of chair and the next moment , Harry find himself shake hand with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron . " Doris Crockford , Mr. Potter , ca n't believe I be meet you at last . " " so proud , Mr. Potter , I be just so proud . " " always want to shake your hand -- I be all of a flutter . " " delighted , Mr. Potter , just ca n't tell you , Diggle be the name , Dedalus Diggle . " " I have see you before ! " say Harry , as Dedalus Diggle 's top hat fall off in his excitement . " you bow to me once in a shop . " " he remember ! " cry Dedalus Diggle , look around at everyone . " do you hear that ? he remember me ! " Harry shake hand again and again -- Doris Crockford keep come back for more . a pale young man make his way forward , very nervously . one of his eye be twitch . " Professor Quirrell ! " say Hagrid . " Harry , Professor Quirrell will be one of your teacher at Hogwarts . " " P-P-Potter , " stammer Professor Quirrell , grasp Harry 's hand , " c-ca n't t-tell you how ppleased I be to meet you . " " what sort of magic do you teach , Professor Quirrell ? " " D-Defense against the D-D-Dark Art , " mutter Professor Quirrell , as though he will rather not think about it . " N-not that you n-need it , eh , P-P-Potter ? " he laugh nervously . " you will be ggetting all your equipment , I suppose ? I have g-got to p-pick up a new b-book on vampire , mmyself . " he look terrify at the very think . but the other would n't let Professor Quirrell keep Harry to himself . it take almost ten minute to get away from them all . at last , Hagrid manage to make himself hear over the babble . " must get on -- lot ter buy . come on , Harry . " Doris Crockford shake Harry 's hand one last time , and Hagrid lead them through the bar and out into a small , walled courtyard , where there be nothing but a trash can and a few weed . Hagrid grin at Harry . " tell Yeh , do n't I ? tell yeh you be famous . even Professor Quirrell be tremblin ' ter meet yeh -- mind you , he be usually tremblin ' . " " be he always that nervous ? " " oh , yeah . poor bloke . brilliant mind . he be fine while he be studyin ' outta book but then he take a year off ter get some firsthand experience ... they say he meet vampire in the Black Forest , and there be a nasty bit o ' trouble with a hag -- never be the same since . scare of the student , scare of his own subject -- now , where be me umbrella ? " vampire ? hag ? Harry 's head be swim . Hagrid , meanwhile , be count brick in the wall above the trash can . " three up ... two across ... " he mutter . " right , stand back , Harry . " he tap the wall three time with the point of his umbrella . the brick he have touch quiver -- it wriggle -- in the middle , a small hole appear -- it grow wide and wide -- a second later they be face an archway large enough even for Hagrid , an archway onto a cobble street that twist and turn out of sight . " welcome , " say Hagrid , " to Diagon Alley . " he grin at Harry 's amazement . they step through the archway . Harry look quickly over his shoulder and see the archway shrink instantly back into solid wall . the sun shine brightly on a stack of cauldron outside the near shop . cauldron -- All Sizes -- Copper , Brass , Pewter , Silver -- Self-Stirring -- Collapsible , say a sign hang over them . " yeah , you will be needin ' one , " say Hagrid , " but we gotta get yer money first . " Harry wish he have about eight more eye . he turn his head in every direction as they walk up the street , try to look at everything at once : the shop , the thing outside them , the people do their shopping . a plump woman outside an Apothecary be shake her head as they pass , say , " Dragon liver , sixteen Sickles an ounce , they be mad ... " a low , soft hoot come from a dark shop with a sign say Eeylops Owl Emporium -- Tawny , Screech , Barn , Brown , and Snowy . several boy of about Harry 's age have their nose press against a window with broomstick in it . " look , " Harry hear one of them say , " the new Nimbus Two Thousand -- fast ever - " there be shop sell robe , shop sell telescope and strange silver instrument Harry have never see before , window stack with barrel of bat spleen and eel ' eye , totter pile of spell book , quill , and roll of parchment , potion bottle , globe of the moon ... " Gringotts , " say Hagrid . they have reach a snowy white building that towered over the other little shop . stand beside its burnish bronze door , wear a uniform of scarlet and gold , be - " Yeah , that be a goblin , " say Hagrid quietly as they walk up the white stone step toward him . the goblin be about a head short than Harry . he have a swarthy , clever face , a pointed beard and , Harry notice , very long finger and foot . he bow as they walk inside . now they be face a second pair of door , silver this time , with word engrave upon them : enter , stranger , but take heed of what await the sin of greed , for those who take , but do not earn , must pay most dearly in their turn . so if you seek beneath our floor a treasure that be never yours , thief , you have be warn , beware of find more than treasure there . " like I say , Yeh will be mad ter try an ' rob it , " say Hagrid . a pair of goblin bow them through the silver door and they be in a vast marble hall . about a hundred more goblin be sit on high stool behind a long counter , scribble in large ledger , weigh coin in brass scale , examine precious stone through eyeglass . there be too many door to count lead off the hall , and yet more goblin be show people in and out of these . Hagrid and Harry make for the counter . " morning , " say Hagrid to a free goblin . " we have come ter take some money outta Mr. Harry Potter 's safe . " " you have his key , sir ? " " get it here somewhere , " say Hagrid , and he start empty his pocket onto the counter , scatter a handful of moldy dog biscuit over the goblin 's book of number . the goblin wrinkle his nose . Harry watch the goblin on their right weigh a pile of ruby as big as glowing coal . " got it , " say Hagrid at last , hold up a tiny golden key . the goblin look at it closely . " that seem to be in order . " " an ' I have also get a letter here from Professor Dumbledore , " say Hagrid importantly , throw out his chest . " it be about the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen . " the goblin read the letter carefully . " very well , " he say , hand it back to Hagrid , " I will have someone take you down to both vault . Griphook ! " Griphook be yet another goblin . once Hagrid have cram all the dog biscuit back inside his pocket , he and Harry follow Griphook toward one of the door lead off the hall . " what be the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen ? " Harry ask . " can n't tell yeh that , " say Hagrid mysteriously . " very secret . Hogwarts business . Dumbledore 's trust me . More'n my job 's worth ter tell yeh that . " Griphook hold the door open for them . Harry , who have expect more marble , be surprise . they be in a narrow stone passageway light with flaming torch . it slope steeply downward and there be little railway track on the floor . Griphook whistle and a small cart come hurtle up the track toward them . they climb in -- Hagrid with some difficulty -- and be off . at first they just hurtle through a maze of twist passage . Harry try to remember , left , right , right , left , middle fork , right , leave , but it be impossible . the rattle cart seem to know its own way , because Griphook be n't steer . Harry 's eye sting as the cold air rush past them , but he keep them wide open . once , he think he see a burst of fire at the end of a passage and twist around to see if it be a dragon , but too late -- they plunge even deep , pass an underground lake where huge stalactite and stalagmite grow from the ceiling and floor . " I never know , " Harry call to Hagrid over the noise of the cart , " what be the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite ? " " stalagmite have get an ' m ' in it , " say Hagrid . " an ' don ' ask me question just now , I think I be gonna be sick . " he do look very green , and when the cart stop at last beside a small door in the passage wall , Hagrid get out and have to lean against the wall to stop his knee from tremble . Griphook unlock the door . a lot of green smoke come billow out , and as it clear , Harry gasp . inside be mound of gold coin . column of silver . heap of little bronze Knuts . " all yours , " smile Hagrid . all Harry 's -- it be incredible . the Dursley could n't have know about this or they will have have it from him faster than blink . how often have they complain how much Harry cost them to keep ? and all the time there have be a small fortune belong to him , bury deep under London . Hagrid help Harry pile some of it into a bag . " the gold one be Galleons , " he explain . " seventeen silver Sickles to a Galleon and twentynine Knuts to a Sickle , it be easy enough . right , that should be enough fer a couple o ' term , we will keep the rest safe for Yeh . " he turn to Griphook . " vault seven hundred and thirteen now , please , and can we go more slowly ? " " one speed only , " say Griphook . they be go even deeper now and gather speed . the air become cold and cold as they hurtle round tight corner . they go rattle over an underground ravine , and Harry lean over the side to try to see what be down at the dark bottom , but Hagrid groan and pull him back by the scruff of his neck . vault seven hundred and thirteen have no keyhole . " stand back , " say Griphook importantly . he stroke the door gently with one of his long finger and it simply melt away . " if anyone but a Gringotts goblin try that , they will be suck through the door and trap in there , " say Griphook . " how often do you check to see if anyone 's inside ? " Harry ask . " about once every ten year , " say Griphook with a rather nasty grin . something really extraordinary have to be inside this top security vault , Harry be sure , and he lean forward eagerly , expect to see fabulous jewel at the very least -- but at first he think it be empty . then he notice a grubby little package wrap up in brown paper lie on the floor . Hagrid pick it up and tuck it deep inside his coat . Harry long to know what it be , but know good than to ask . " come on , back in this infernal cart , and do n't talk to me on the way back , it be good if I keep me mouth shut , " say Hagrid . one wild cart ride later they stand blink in the sunlight outside Gringotts . Harry do n't know where to run first now that he have a bag full of money . he do n't have to know how many Galleons there be to a pound to know that he be hold more money than he have have in his whole life -- more money than even Dudley have ever have . " might as well get yer uniform , " say Hagrid , nod toward Madam Malkin 's Robes for all occasion . " listen , Harry , would yeh mind if I slip off fer a pick-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron ? I hate them Gringotts cart . " he do still look a bit sick , so Harry enter Madam Malkin 's shop alone , feel nervous . madam Malkin be a squat , smile witch dress all in mauve . " Hogwarts , dear ? " she say , when Harry start to speak . " get the lot here -- another young man be fit up just now , in fact . " in the back of the shop , a boy with a pale , point face be stand on a footstool while a second witch pin up his long black robe . madam Malkin stand Harry on a stool next to him slip a long robe over his head , and begin to pin it to the right length . " hello , " say the boy , " Hogwarts , too ? " " yes , " say Harry . " my father 's next door buy my book and mother be up the street look at wand , " say the boy . he have a bored , drawl voice . " then I be go to drag them off to look at race broom . I do n't see why first year ca n't have their own . I think I will bully father into get me one and I will smuggle it in somehow . " Harry be strongly remind of Dudley . " have you get your own broom ? " the boy go on . " no , " say Harry . " Play Quidditch at all ? " " no , " Harry say again , wonder what on earth Quidditch could be . " I do -- Father say it be a crime if I be not pick to play for my house , and I must say , I agree . know what house you will be in yet ? " " no , " say Harry , feel more stupid by the minute . " well , no one really know until they get there , do they , but I know I will be in Slytherin , all our family have be -- imagine be in Hufflepuff , I think I will leave , would n't you ? " " Mmm , " say Harry , wish he could say something a bit more interesting . " I say , look at that man ! " say the boy suddenly , nod toward the front window . Hagrid be stand there , grin at Harry and point at two large ice cream to show he could n't come in . " that be Hagrid , " say Harry , please to know something the boy do n't . " he work at Hogwarts . " " oh , " say the boy , " I have hear of him . he be a sort of servant , be n't he ? " " he be the gamekeeper , " say Harry . he be like the boy less and less every second . " yes , exactly . I hear he be a sort of savage -- life in a hut on the school ground and every now and then he get drunk , try to do magic , and end up set fire to his bed . " " I think he be brilliant , " say Harry coldly . " do you ? " say the boy , with a slight sneer . " why be he with you ? where be your parent ? " " they be dead , " say Harry shortly . he do n't feel much like go into the matter with this boy . " oh , sorry , " say the other , not sound sorry at all . " but they be our kind , be n't they ? " " they be a witch and wizard , if that be what you mean . " " I really do n't think they should let the other sort in , do you ? they be just not the same , they have never be bring up to know our way . some of them have never even hear of Hogwarts until they get the letter , imagine . I think they should keep it in the old wizarding family . what be your surname , anyway ? " but before Harry could answer , Madam Malkin say , " that have you do , my dear , " and Harry , not sorry for an excuse to stop talk to the boy , hop down from the footstool . " well , I will see you at Hogwarts , I suppose , " say the drawl boy . Harry be rather quiet as he eat the ice cream Hagrid have buy him ( chocolate and raspberry with chop nut ) . " what be up ? " say Hagrid . " nothing , " Harry lie . they stop to buy parchment and quill . Harry cheer up a bit when he find a bottle of ink that change color as you write . when they have leave the shop , he say , " Hagrid , what be Quidditch ? " " Blimey , Harry , I keep forgettin ' how little yeh know -- not knowin ' about Quidditch ! " " do n't make me feel bad , " say Harry . he tell Hagrid about the pale boy in Madam Malkin 's . " - and he say people from Muggle family should n't even be allow in - " " Yer not from a Muggle family . if he have know who Yeh be -- he be grow up knowin ' yer name if his parent be wizardin ' folk . you see what everyone in the Leaky Cauldron be like when they see yeh . anyway , what do he know about it , some o ' the good I ever see be the only one with magic in ' em in a long line o ' Muggles -- look at yer mum ! look what she have fer a sister ! " " so what be Quidditch ? " " it be our sport . wizard sport . it be like -- like soccer in the Muggle world -- everyone follow Quidditch -- play up in the air on broomstick and there be four ball -- sorta hard ter explain the rule . " " and what be Slytherin and Hufflepuff ? " " school house . there be four . everyone say Hufflepuff be a lot o ' duffer , but - " " I bet I be in Hufflepuff , " say Harry gloomily . " good Hufflepuff than Slytherin , " say Hagrid darkly . " there be not a single witch or wizard who go bad who be n't in Slytherin . You-Know-Who be one . " " Vol- , sorry - You-Know-Who be at Hogwarts ? " " year an ' year ago , " say Hagrid . they buy Harry 's school book in a shop call Flourish and Blotts where the shelf be stack to the ceiling with book as large as pave stone bind in leather ; book the size of postage stamp in cover of silk ; book full of peculiar symbol and a few book with nothing in them at all . even Dudley , who never read anything , would have be wild to get his hand on some of these . Hagrid almost have to drag Harry away from Curses and Countercurses ( Bewitch your friend and Befuddle your enemy with the Latest Revenges : hair loss , Jelly-Legs , Tongue-Tying and much , much more ) by Professor Vindictus Viridian . " I be try to find out how to curse Dudley . " " I be not sayin ' that be not a good idea , but yer not ter use magic in the Muggle world except in very special circumstance , " say Hagrid . " an ' anyway , yeh couldn ' work any of them curse yet , yeh will need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level . " Hagrid would n't let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron , either ( " it say pewter on yer list " ) , but they get a nice set of scale for weigh potion ingredient and a collapsible brass telescope . then they visit the Apothecary , which be fascinating enough to make up for its horrible smell , a mixture of bad egg and rot cabbage . barrel of slimy stuff stand on the floor ; jar of herb , dry root , and bright powder line the wall ; bundle of feather , string of fang , and snarl claw hang from the ceiling . while Hagrid ask the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredient for Harry , Harry himself examine silver unicorn horn at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule , glittery-black beetle eye ( five Knuts a scoop ) . outside the Apothecary , Hagrid check Harry 's list again . " just yer wand leave -- a yeah , an ' I still have n't get yeh a birthday present . " Harry feel himself go red . " you do n't have to - " " I know I do n't have to . tell yeh what , I will get yer animal . not a toad , toad go outta fashion year ago , yeh will be laugh at -- an ' I don ' like cat , they make me sneeze . I will get yer an owl . all the kid want owl , they be dead useful , carry yer mail an ' everythin ' . " twenty minute later , they leave Eeylops Owl Emporium , which have be dark and full of rustle and flicker , jewel-bright eye . Harry now carry a large cage that hold a beautiful snowy owl , fast asleep with her head under her wing . he could n't stop stammer his thanks , sound just like Professor Quirrell . " Don ' mention it , " say Hagrid gruffly . " Don ' expect you have have a lotta present from them Dursley . just Ollivanders leave now -- only place fer wand , Ollivanders , and yeh gotta have the good wand . " a magic wand ... this be what Harry have be really look forward to . the last shop be narrow and shabby . peel gold letter over the door read Ollivanders : maker of Fine Wands since @card@ B.C. a single wand lie on a fade purple cushion in the dusty window . a tinkling bell ring somewhere in the depth of the shop as they step inside . it be a tiny place , empty except for a single , spindly chair that Hagrid sit on to wait . Harry feel strangely as though he have enter a very strict library ; he swallow a lot of new question that have just occur to him and look instead at the thousand of narrow box pile neatly right up to the ceiling . for some reason , the back of his neck prickle . the very dust and silence in here seem to tingle with some secret magic . " good afternoon , " say a soft voice . Harry jump . Hagrid must have jump , too , because there be a loud crunch noise and he get quickly off the spindly chair . an old man be stand before them , his wide , pale eye shine like moon through the gloom of the shop . " hello , " say Harry awkwardly . " ah yes , " say the man . " yes , yes . I think I will be see you soon . Harry Potter . " it be n't a question . " you have your mother 's eye . it seem only yesterday she be in here herself , buy her first wand . Ten and a quarter inch long , swishy , make of willow . nice wand for charm work . " Mr. Ollivander move closer to Harry . Harry wish he would blink . those silvery eye be a bit creepy . " your father , on the other hand , favor a mahogany wand . eleven inch . pliable . a little more power and excellent for transfiguration . well , I say your father favor it -- it be really the wand that choose the wizard , of course . " Mr. Ollivander have come so close that he and Harry be almost nose to nose . Harry could see himself reflect in those misty eye . " and that be where ... " Mr. Ollivander touch the lightning scar on Harry 's forehead with a long , white finger . " I be sorry to say I sell the wand that do it , " he say softly . " Thirteen-and-a-half inch . Yew . powerful wand , very powerful , and in the wrong hand ... well , if I have know what that wand be go out into the world to do ... " he shake his head and then , to Harry 's relief , spot Hagrid . " Rubeus ! Rubeus Hagrid ! how nice to see you again ... Oak , sixteen inch , rather bendy , be n't it ? " " it be , sir , yes , " say Hagrid . " good wand , that one . but I suppose they snap it in half when you get expel ? " say Mr. Ollivander , suddenly stern . " er -- yes , they do , yes , " say Hagrid , shuffle his foot . " I have still get the piece , though , " he add brightly . " but you do n't use them ? " say Mr. Ollivander sharply . " oh , no , sir , " say Hagrid quickly . Harry notice he grip his pink umbrella very tightly as he speak . " hmmm , " say Mr. Ollivander , give Hagrid a piercing look . " well , now -- Mr. Potter . let me see . " he pull a long tape measure with silver marking out of his pocket . " which be your wand arm ? " " er -- well , I be right-handed , " say Harry . " hold out your arm . that be it . " he measure Harry from shoulder to finger , then wrist to elbow , shoulder to floor , knee to armpit and round his head . as he measure , he say , " Every Ollivander wand have a core of a powerful magical substance , Mr. Potter . we use unicorn hair , phoenix tail feather , and the heartstrings of dragon . no two Ollivander wand be the same , just as no two unicorn , dragon , or phoenix be quite the same . and of course , you will never get such good result with another wizard 's wand . " Harry suddenly realize that the tape measure , which be measure between his nostril , be do this on its own . Mr. Ollivander be flit around the shelf , take down box . " that will do , " he say , and the tape measure crumple into a heap on the floor . " right then , Mr. Potter . try this one . beechwood and dragon heartstring . nine inch . nice and flexible . just take it and give it a wave . " Harry take the wand and ( feel foolish ) wave it around a bit , but Mr. Ollivander snatch it out of his hand almost at once . " Maple and phoenix feather . seven inch . quite whippy . try - " Harry try -- but he have hardly raise the wand when it , too , be snatch back by Mr. Ollivander . " no , no -- here , ebony and unicorn hair , eight and a half inch , springy . go on , go on , try it out . " Harry try . and try . he have no idea what Mr. Ollivander be wait for . the pile of tried wand be mount high and high on the spindly chair , but the more wand Mr. Ollivander pull from the shelf , the happy he seem to become . " tricky customer , eh ? not to worry , we will find the perfect match here somewhere -- I wonder , now -- yes , why not -- unusual combination -- holly and phoenix feather , eleven inch , nice and supple . " Harry take the wand . he feel a sudden warmth in his finger . he raise the wand above his head , bring it swish down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold spark shoot from the end like a firework , throw dance spot of light on to the wall . Hagrid whoop and clap and Mr. Ollivander cry , " oh , bravo ! yes , indeed , oh , very good . well , well , well ... how curious ... how very curious ... " he put Harry 's wand back into its box and wrap it in brown paper , still mutter , " Curious ... curious ... " " sorry , " say Harry , " but what be curious ? " Mr. Ollivander fix Harry with his pale stare . " I remember every wand I have ever sell , Mr. Potter . every single wand . it so happen that the phoenix whose tail feather be in your wand , give another feather -- just one other . it be very curious indeed that you should be destine for this wand when its brother -- why , its brother give you that scar . " Harry swallow . " yes , thirteen-and-a-half inch . Yew . curious indeed how these thing happen . the wand choose the wizard , remember ... I think we must expect great thing from you , Mr. Potter ... after all , He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named do great thing -- terrible , yes , but great . " Harry shiver . he be n't sure he like Mr. Ollivander too much . he pay seven gold Galleons for his wand , and Mr. Ollivander bow them from his shop . the late afternoon sun hang low in the sky as Harry and Hagrid make their way back down Diagon Alley , back through the wall , back through the Leaky Cauldron , now empty . Harry do n't speak at all as they walk down the road ; he do n't even notice how much people be gawk at them on the underground , laden as they be with all their funny-shaped package , with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Harry 's lap . up another escalator , out into Paddington station ; Harry only realize where they be when Hagrid tap him on the shoulder . " get time fer a bite to eat before yer train leave , " he say . he buy Harry a hamburger and they sit down on plastic seat to eat them . Harry keep look around . everything look so strange , somehow . " you all right , Harry ? Yer very quiet , " say Hagrid . Harry be n't sure he could explain . he have just have the good birthday of his life -- and yet -- he chew his hamburger , try to find the word . " everyone think I be special , " he say at last . " all those people in the Leaky Cauldron , Professor Quirrell , Mr. Ollivander ... but I do n't know anything about magic at all . how can they expect great thing ? I be famous and I ca n't even remember what I be famous for . I do n't know what happen when Vol- , sorry -- I mean , the night my parent die . " Hagrid lean across the table . behind the wild beard and eyebrow he wear a very kind smile . " Don ' you worry , Harry . you will learn fast enough . everyone start at the beginning at Hogwarts , you will be just fine . just be yerself . I know it be hard . Yeh have be single out , an ' that be always hard . but Yeh will have a great time at Hogwarts -- I do -- still do , ' smatter of fact . " Hagrid help Harry on to the train that would take him back to the Dursley , then hand him an envelope . " Yer ticket fer Hogwarts , " he say . " first o ' September -- King 's Cross -- it be all on yer ticket . any problem with the Dursley , send me a letter with yer owl , she will know where to find me ... . see yeh soon , Harry . " the train pull out of the station . Harry want to watch Hagrid until he be out of sight ; he rise in his seat and press his nose against the window , but he blink and Hagrid have go . chapter Six The Journey from Platform Nine and Three-Quarters Harry 's last month with the Dursley be n't fun . true , Dudley be now so scare of Harry he would n't stay in the same room , while Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon do n't shut Harry in his cupboard , force him to do anything , or shout at him -- in fact , they do n't speak to him at all . half terrify , half furious , they act as though any chair with Harry in it be empty . although this be an improvement in many way , it do become a bit depress after a while . Harry keep to his room , with his new owl for company . he have decide to call her Hedwig , a name he have find in a history of Magic . his school book be very interesting . he lie on his bed reading late into the night , Hedwig swoop in and out of the open window as she please . it be lucky that Aunt Petunia do n't come in to vacuum anymore , because Hedwig keep bring back dead mouse . every night before he go to sleep , Harry tick off another day on the piece of paper he have pin to the wall , count down to September the first . on the last day of August he think he will well speak to his aunt and uncle about get to King 's Cross station the next day , so he go down to the live room where they be watch a quiz show on television . he clear his throat to let them know he be there , and Dudley scream and run from the room . " er -- Uncle Vernon ? " Uncle Vernon grunt to show he be listen . " er -- I need to be at King 's Cross tomorrow to -- to go to Hogwarts . " Uncle Vernon grunt again . " would it be all right if you give me a lift ? " grunt . Harry suppose that mean yes . " thank you . " he be about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon actually speak . " funny way to get to a wizard ' school , the train . magic carpet all get puncture , have they ? " Harry do n't say anything . " where be this school , anyway ? " " I do n't know , " say Harry , realize this for the first time . he pull the ticket Hagrid have give him out of his pocket . " I just take the train from platform nine and three-quarter at eleven o'clock , " he read . his aunt and uncle stare . " platform what ? " " nine and three-quarter . " " do n't talk rubbish , " say Uncle Vernon . " there be no platform nine and three-quarter . " " it be on my ticket . " " bark , " say Uncle Vernon , " howl mad , the lot of them . you will see . you just wait . all right , we will take you to King 's Cross . we be go up to London tomorrow anyway , or I would n't bother . " " why be you go to London ? " Harry ask , try to keep thing friendly . " take Dudley to the hospital , " growl Uncle Vernon . " get to have that ruddy tail remove before he go to Smeltings . " Harry wake at five o'clock the next morning and be too excited and nervous to go back to sleep . he get up and pull on his jean because he do n't want to walk into the station in his wizard 's robe -- he will change on the train . he check his Hogwarts list yet again to make sure he have everything he need , see that Hedwig be shut safely in her cage , and then pace the room , wait for the Dursley to get up . two hour later , Harry 's huge , heavy trunk have be load into the Dursley ' car , Aunt Petunia have talk Dudley into sit next to Harry , and they have set off . they reach King 's Cross at half past ten . Uncle Vernon dump Harry 's trunk onto a cart and wheel it into the station for him . Harry think this be strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stop dead , face the platform with a nasty grin on his face . " well , there you be , boy . platform nine -- platform ten . your platform should be somewhere in the middle , but they do n't seem to have build it yet , do they ? " he be quite right , of course . there be a big plastic number nine over one platform and a big plastic number ten over the one next to it , and in the middle , nothing at all . " have a good term , " say Uncle Vernon with an even nasty smile . he leave without another word . Harry turn and see the Dursley drive away . all three of them be laugh . Harry 's mouth go rather dry . what on earth be he go to do ? he be start to attract a lot of funny look , because of Hedwig . he will have to ask someone . he stop a pass guard , but do n't dare mention platform nine and three-quarter . the guard have never hear of Hogwarts and when Harry could n't even tell him what part of the country it be in , he start to get annoyed , as though Harry be be stupid on purpose . get desperate , Harry ask for the train that leave at eleven o'clock , but the guard say there be n't one . in the end the guard stride away , mutter about time waster . Harry be now try hard not to panic . accord to the large clock over the arrival board , he have ten minute leave to get on the train to Hogwarts and he have no idea how to do it ; he be strand in the middle of a station with a trunk he could hardly lift , a pocket full of wizard money , and a large owl . Hagrid must have forget to tell him something you have to do , like tap the third brick on the leave to get into Diagon Alley . he wonder if he should get out his wand and start tap the ticket inspector 's stand between platform nine and ten . at that moment a group of people pass just behind him and he catch a few word of what they be say . " - pack with Muggles , of course - " Harry swing round . the speaker be a plump woman who be talk to four boy , all with flame red hair . each of them be push a trunk like Harry 's in front of him -- and they have an owl . heart hammering , Harry push his cart after them . they stop and so do he , just near enough to hear what they be say . " now , what be the platform number ? " say the boy ' mother . " nine and three-quarter ! " pipe a small girl , also red-headed , who be hold her hand , " Mom , ca n't I go ... " " you be not old enough , Ginny , now be quiet . all right , Percy , you go first . " what look like the old boy march toward platform nine and ten . Harry watch , careful not to blink in case he miss it -- but just as the boy reach the divide barrier between the two platform , a large crowd of tourist come swarm in front of him and by the time the last backpack have clear away , the boy have vanish . " Fred , you next , " the plump woman say . " I be not Fred , I be George , " say the boy . " honestly , woman , you call yourself our mother ? can n't you tell I be George ? " " sorry , George , dear . " " only joke , I be Fred , " say the boy , and off he go . his twin call after him to hurry up , and he must have do so , because a second later , he have go -- but how have he do it ? now the third brother be walk briskly toward the barrier he be almost there -- and then , quite suddenly , he be n't anywhere . there be nothing else for it . " excuse me , " Harry say to the plump woman . " hello , dear , " she say . " first time at Hogwarts ? Ron 's new , too . " she point at the last and young of her son . he be tall , thin , and gangling , with freckle , big hand and foot , and a long nose . " yes , " say Harry . " the thing be -- the thing be , I do n't know how to - " " how to get onto the platform ? " she say kindly , and Harry nod . " not to worry , " she say . " all you have to do be walk straight at the barrier between platform nine and ten . do n't stop and do n't be scare you will crash into it , that be very important . good do it at a bit of a run if you be nervous . go on , go now before Ron . " " er -- okay , " say Harry . he push his trolley around and stare at the barrier . it look very solid . he start to walk toward it . people jostle him on their way to platform nine and ten . Harry walk more quickly . he be go to smash right into that barrier and then he will be in trouble -- lean forward on his cart , he break into a heavy run -- the barrier be come near and near -- he would n't be able to stop -- the cart be out of control -- he be a foot away -- he close his eye ready for the crash - it do n't come ... he keep on run ... he open his eye . a scarlet steam engine be wait next to a platform pack with people . a sign overhead say Hogwarts ' Express , eleven o'clock . Harry look behind him and see a wrought-iron archway where the barrier have be , with the word platform nine and Three-Quarters on it , he have do it . smoke from the engine drift over the head of the chatter crowd , while cat of every color wind here and there between their leg . owl hoot to one another in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble and the scrape of heavy trunk . the first few carriage be already pack with student , some hang out of the window to talk to their family , some fighting over seat . Harry push his cart off down the platform in search of an empty seat . he pass a round-faced boy who be say , " Gran , I have lose my toad again . " " oh , Neville , " he hear the old woman sigh . a boy with dreadlock be surround by a small crowd . " give us a look , Lee , go on . " the boy lift the lid of a box in his arm , and the people around him shriek and yell as something inside poke out a long , hairy leg . Harry press on through the crowd until he find an empty compartment near the end of the train . he put Hedwig inside first and then start to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door . he try to lift it up the step but could hardly raise one end and twice he drop it painfully on his foot . " want a hand ? " it be one of the red-haired twin he have follow through the barrier . " yes , please , " Harry pant . " Oy , Fred ! C'mere and help ! " with the twin ' help , Harry 's trunk be at last tuck away in a corner of the compartment . " thanks , " say Harry , push his sweaty hair out of his eye . " what be that ? " say one of the twin suddenly , point at Harry 's lightning scar . " Blimey , " say the other twin . " be you - ? " " he be , " say the first twin . " be n't you ? " he add to Harry . " what ? " say Harry . " Harry Potter . " chorus the twin . " oh , him , " say Harry . " I mean , yes , I be . " the two boy gawk at him , and Harry feel himself turn red . then , to his relief , a voice come float in through the train 's open door . " Fred ? George ? be you there ? " " come , Mom . " with a last look at Harry , the twin hop off the train . Harry sit down next to the window where , half hidden , he could watch the red-haired family on the platform and hear what they be say . their mother have just take out her handkerchief . " Ron , you have get something on your nose . " the young boy try to jerk out of the way , but she grab him and begin rub the end of his nose . " mom - geroff " he wriggle free . " aaah , have ickle Ronnie get somefink on his nosie ? " say one of the twin . " shut up , " say Ron . " where be Percy ? " say their mother . " he be come now . " the old boy come stride into sight . he have already change into his billow black Hogwarts robe , and Harry notice a red and gold badge on his chest with the letter P on it . " can n't stay long , Mother , " he say . " I be up front , the prefect have get two compartment to themselves - " " oh , be you a prefect , Percy ? " say one of the twin , with an air of great surprise . " you should have say something , we have no idea . " " hang on , I think I remember him say something about it , " say the other twin . " once - " " or twice - " " a minute - " " all summer - " " oh , shut up , " say Percy the prefect . " how come Percy get new robe , anyway ? " say one of the twin . " because he be a prefect , " say their mother fondly . " all right , dear , well , have a good term -- send me an owl when you get there . " she kiss Percy on the cheek and he leave . then she turn to the twin . " now , you two -- this year , you behave yourselves . if I get one more owl tell me you have -- you have blow up a toilet or - " " Blown up a toilet ? we have never blow up a toilet . " " great idea though , thanks , Mom . " " it be not funny . and look after Ron . " " do n't worry , ickle Ronniekins be safe with us . " " shut up , " say Ron again . he be almost as tall as the twin already and his nose be still pink where his mother have rub it . " hey , Mom , guess what ? guess who we just meet on the train ? " Harry lean back quickly so they could n't see him look . " you know that black-haired boy who be near us in the station ? know who he be ? " " who ? " " Harry Potter ! " Harry hear the little girl 's voice . " oh , Mom , can I go on the train and see him , Mom , eh please ... " " you have already see him , Ginny , and the poor boy be n't something you goggle at in a zoo . be he really , Fred ? how do you know ? " " ask him . see his scar . it be really there -- like lightning . " " poor dear -- no wonder he be alone , I wonder . he be ever so polite when he ask how to get onto the platform . " " never mind that , do you think he remember what You-Know-Who look like ? " their mother suddenly become very stern . " I forbid you to ask him , Fred . no , do n't you dare . as though he need remind of that on his first day at school . " " all right , keep your hair on . " a whistle sound . " hurry up ! " their mother say , and the three boy clamber onto the train . they lean out of the window for her to kiss them good-bye , and their young sister begin to cry . " do n't , Ginny , we will send you load of owl . " " we will send you a Hogwarts ' toilet seat . " " George ! " " only joke , Mom . " the train begin to move . Harry see the boy ' mother wave and their sister , half laughing , half crying , run to keep up with the train until it gather too much speed , then she fall back and wave . Harry watch the girl and her mother disappear as the train round the corner . house flash past the window . Harry feel a great leap of excitement . he do n't know what he be go to -- but it have to be good than what he be leave behind . the door of the compartment slide open and the young redheaded boy come in . " anyone sit there ? " he ask , point at the seat opposite Harry . " everywhere else be full . " Harry shake his head and the boy sit down . he glance at Harry and then look quickly out of the window , pretend he have n't look . Harry see he still have a black mark on his nose . " hey , Ron . " the twin be back . " listen , we be go down the middle of the train -- Lee Jordan 's get a giant tarantula down there . " " right , " mumble Ron . " Harry , " say the other twin , " do we introduce ourselves ? Fred and George Weasley . and this be Ron , our brother . see you later , then . " " bye , " say Harry and Ron . the twin slide the compartment door shut behind them . " be you really Harry Potter ? " Ron blurt out . Harry nod . " oh -- well , I think it might be one of Fred and George 's joke , " say Ron . " and have you really get -- you know ... " he point at Harry 's forehead . Harry pull back his bang to show the lightning scar . Ron stare . " so that be where You-Know-Who - ? " " yes , " say Harry , " but I ca n't remember it . " " nothing ? " say Ron eagerly . " well -- I remember a lot of green light , but nothing else . " " wow , " say Ron . he sit and stare at Harry for a few moment , then , as though he have suddenly realize what he be do , he look quickly out of the window again . " be all your family wizard ? " ask Harry , who find Ron just as interesting as Ron find him . " er -- Yes , I think so , " say Ron . " I think Mom 's get a second cousin who be an accountant , but we never talk about him . " " so you must know load of magic already . " the Weasleys be clearly one of those old wizarding family the pale boy in Diagon Alley have talk about . " I hear you go to live with Muggles , " say Ron . " what be they like ? " " horrible -- well , not all of them . my aunt and uncle and cousin be , though . wish I have have three wizard brother . " " five , " say Ron . for some reason , he be look gloomy . " I be the sixth in our family to go to Hogwarts . you could say I have get a lot to live up to . Bill and Charlie have already leave -- Bill be head boy and Charlie be captain of Quidditch . now Percy be a prefect . Fred and George mess around a lot , but they still get really good mark and everyone think they be really funny . everyone expect me to do as well as the other , but if I do , it be no big deal , because they do it first . you never get anything new , either , with five brother . I have get Bill 's old robe , Charlie 's old wand , and Percy 's old rat . " Ron reach inside his jacket and pull out a fat gray rat , which be asleep . " his name 's Scabbers and he be useless , he hardly ever wake up . Percy get an owl from my dad for be make a prefect , but they could n't aff -- I mean , I get Scabbers instead . " Ron 's ear go pink . he seem to think he will say too much , because he go back to stare out of the window . Harry do n't think there be anything wrong with not be able to afford an owl . after all , he have never have any money in his life until a month ago , and he tell Ron so , all about have to wear Dudley 's old clothes and never get proper birthday present . this seem to cheer Ron up . " ... and until Hagrid tell me , I do n't know anything about be a wizard or about my parent or Voldemort - " Ron gasp . " what ? " say Harry . " you say You-Know-Who 's name ! " say Ron , sound both shock and impress . " I will have think you , of all people - " " I be not try to be brave or anything , say the name , " say Harry , " I just never know you should n't . see what I mean ? I have get load to learn ... I bet , " he add , voice for the first time something that have be worry him a lot lately , " I bet I be the bad in the class . " " you wo n't be . there be load of people who come from Muggle family and they learn quick enough . " while they have be talk , the train have carry them out of London . now they be speed past field full of cow and sheep . they be quiet for a time , watch the field and lane flick past . around half past twelve there be a great clatter outside in the corridor and a smile , dimple woman slide back their door and say , " Anything off the cart , dear ? " Harry , who have n't have any breakfast , leap to his foot , but Ron 's ear go pink again and he mutter that he have bring sandwich . Harry go out into the corridor . he have never have any money for candy with the Dursley , and now that he have pocket rattle with gold and silver he be ready to buy as many Mars Bars as he could carry -- but the woman do n't have Mars Bars . what she do have be Bettie Bott 's Every Flavor Beans , Drooble 's Best Blowing Gum , Chocolate Frogs . pumpkin pasty , Cauldron Cakes , Licorice Wands , and a number of other strange thing Harry have never see in his life . not want to miss anything , he get some of everything and pay the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts . Ron stare as Harry bring it all back in to the compartment and tip it onto an empty seat . " hungry , be you ? " " starve , " say Harry , take a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty . Ron have take out a lumpy package and unwrap it . there be four sandwich inside . he pull one of them apart and say , " she always forget I do n't like corned beef. . " " swap you for one of these , " say Harry , hold up a pasty . " go on - " " you do n't want this , it be all dry , " say Ron . " she have n't get much time , " he add quickly , " you know , with five of us . " " go on , have a pasty , " say Harry , who have never have anything to share before or , indeed , anyone to share it with . it be a nice feeling , sit there with Ron , eat their way through all Harry 's pasty , cake , and candy ( the sandwich lay forgotten ) . " what be these ? " Harry ask Ron , hold up a pack of Chocolate Frogs . " they be not really frog , be they ? " he be start to feel that nothing would surprise him . " no , " say Ron . " but see what the card be . I be miss Agrippa . " " what ? " " oh , of course , you would n't know -- chocolate frog have card , inside them , you know , to collect -- famous witch and wizard . I have get about five hundred , but I have n't get Agrippa or Ptolemy . " Harry unwrap his Chocolate Frog and pick up the card . it show a man 's face . he wear half-moon glass , have a long , crooked nose , and flow silver hair , beard , and mustache . underneath the picture be the name Albus Dumbledore . " so this be Dumbledore ! " say Harry . " do n't tell me you have never hear of Dumbledore ! " say Ron . " can I have a frog ? I might get Agrippa -- thanks - " Harry turn over his card and read : Albus DUMBLEDORE Currently HEADMASTER of HOGWARTS Considered by many the great wizard of modern time , Dumbledore be particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in @card@ , for the discovery of the twelve use of dragon 's blood , and his work on alchemy with his partner , Nicolas Flamel . Professor Dumbledore enjoy chamber music and tenpin bowling . Harry turn the card back over and see , to his astonishment , that Dumbledore 's face have disappear . " he be go ! " " well , you ca n't expect him to hang around all day , " say Ron . " he will be back . no , I have get Morgana again and I have get about six of her ... do you want it ? you can start collect . " Ron 's eye stray to the pile of chocolate frog wait to be unwrap . " help yourself , " say Harry . " but in , you know , the Muggle world , people just stay put in photo . " " do they ? what , they do n't move at all ? " Ron sound amazed . " weird ! " Harry stare as Dumbledore sidle back into the picture on his card and give him a small smile . Ron be more interested in eat the frog than look at the Famous Witches and Wizards card , but Harry could n't keep his eye off them . soon he have not only Dumbledore and Morgana , but Hengist of Woodcroft , Alberic Grunnion , Circe , Paracelsus , and Merlin . he finally tear his eye away from the Druidess Cliodna , who be scratch her nose , to open a bag of Bertie Bott 's Every Flavor Beans . " you want to be careful with those , " Ron warn Harry . " when they say every flavor , they mean every flavor -- you know , you get all the ordinary one like chocolate and peppermint and marmalade , but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe . George reckon he have a boogerflavored one once . " Ron pick up a green bean , look at it carefully , and bit into a corner . " Bleaaargh -- see ? sprout . " they have a good time eat the Every Flavor Beans . Harry get toast , coconut , bake bean , strawberry , curry , grass , coffee , sardine , and be even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron would n't touch , which turn out to be pepper . the countryside now fly past the window be become wild . the neat field have go . now there be wood , twist river , and dark green hill . there be a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced boy Harry have pass on platform nine and three-quarter come in . he look tearful . " sorry , " he say , " but have you see a toad at all ? " when they shake their head , he wail , " I have lose him ! he keep get away from me ! " " he will turn up , " say Harry . " yes , " say the boy miserably . " well , if you see him ... " he leave . " do n't know why he be so bother , " say Ron . " if I have bring a toad I will lose it as quick as I could . mind you , I bring Scabbers , so I ca n't talk . " the rat be still snooze on Ron 's lap . " he might have die and you would n't know the difference , " say Ron in disgust . " I try to turn him yellow yesterday to make him more interesting , but the spell do n't work . I will show you , look ... " he rummage around in his trunk and pull out a very battered-looking wand . it be chip in place and something white be glint at the end . " unicorn hair be nearly poke out . anyway - " he have just raise his wand when the compartment door slide open again . the toadless boy be back , but this time he have a girl with him . she be already wear her new Hogwarts robe . " have anyone see a toad ? Neville 's lose one , " she say . she have a bossy sort of voice , lot of bushy brown hair , and rather large front tooth . " we have already tell him we have n't see it , " say Ron , but the girl be n't listen , she be look at the wand in his hand . " oh , be you do magic ? let be see it , then . " she sit down . Ron look take aback . " er -- all right . " he clear his throat . " sunshine , daisy , butter mellow , Turn this stupid , fat rat yellow . " he wave his wand , but nothing happen . Scabbers stay gray and fast asleep . " be you sure that be a real spell ? " say the girl . " well , it be not very good , be it ? I have try a few simple spell just for practice and it be all work for me . nobody in my family 's magic at all , it be ever such a surprise when I get my letter , but I be ever so please , of course , I mean , it be the very good school of witchcraft there be , I have hear -- I have learn all our course book by heart , of course , I just hope it will be enough -- I be Hermione Granger , by the way , who be you ? " she say all this very fast . Harry look at Ron , and be relieve to see by his stun face that he have n't learn all the course book by heart either . " I be Ron Weasley , " Ron mutter . " Harry Potter , " say Harry . " be you really ? " say Hermione . " I know all about you , of course -- I get a few extra book , for background reading , and you be in Modern Magical history and the rise and fall of the Dark Arts and Great Wizarding event of the Twentieth Century . " " be I ? " say Harry , feeling daze . " goodness , do n't you know , I will have find out everything I could if it be me , " say Hermione . " do either of you know what house you will be in ? I have be ask around , and I hope I be in Gryffindor , it sound by far the good ; I hear Dumbledore himself be in it , but I suppose Ravenclaw would n't be too bad ... Anyway , we will well go and look for Neville 's toad . you two have good change , you know , I expect we will be there soon . " and she leave , take the toadless boy with her . " whatever house I be in , I hope she be not in it , " say Ron . he throw his wand back into his trunk . " stupid spell -- George give it to me , bet he know it be a dud . " " what house be your brother in ? " ask Harry . " Gryffindor , " say Ron . gloom seem to be settle on him again . " Mom and Dad be in it , too . I do n't know what they will say if I be not . I do n't suppose Ravenclaw would be too bad , but imagine if they put me in Slytherin . " " that be the house Vol- , I mean , You-Know-Who be in ? " " yeah , " say Ron . he flop back into his seat , look depress . " you know , I think the end of Scabbers ' whisker be a bit light , " say Harry , try to take Ron 's mind off house . " so what do your old brother do now that they have leave , anyway ? " Harry be wonder what a wizard do once he will finished school . " Charlie 's in Romania study dragon , and Bill 's in Africa do something for Gringotts , " say Ron . " do you hear about Gringotts ? it have be all over the Daily Prophet , but I do n't suppose you get that with the Muggles -- someone try to rob a high security vault . " Harry stare . " really ? what happen to them ? " " nothing , that be why it 's such big news . they have n't be catch . my dad say it must have be a powerful dark wizard to get round Gringotts , but they do n't think they take anything , that be what be odd . ' Course , everyone get scared when something like this happen in case You-KnowWho be behind it . " Harry turn this news over in his mind . he be start to get a prickle of fear every time YouKnow-Who be mention . he suppose this be all part of enter the magical world , but it have be a lot more comfortable saying " Voldemort " without worry . " what be your Quidditch team ? " Ron ask . " er -- I do n't know any . " Harry confess . " what ! " Ron look dumbfounded . " oh , you wait , it be the good game in the world - " and he be off , explain all about the four ball and the position of the seven player , describe famous game he have be to with his brother and the broomstick he will like to get if he have the money . he be just take Harry through the fine point of the game when the compartment door slide open yet again , but it be n't Neville the toadless boy , or Hermione Granger this time . three boy enter , and Harry recognize the middle one at once : it be the pale boy from Madam Malkin 's robe shop . he be look at Harry with a lot more interest than he have show back in Diagon Alley . " be it true ? " he say . " they be say all down the train that Harry Potter 's in this compartment . so it be you , be it ? " " yes , " say Harry . he be look at the other boy . both of them be thickset and look extremely mean . stand on either side of the pale boy , they look like bodyguard . " oh , this be Crabbe and this be Goyle , " say the pale boy carelessly , notice where Harry be look . " and my name 's Malfoy , Draco Malfoy . " Ron give a slight cough , which might have be hide a snigger . Draco Malfoy look at him . " think my name be funny , do you ? no need to ask who you be . my father tell me all the Weasleys have red hair , freckle , and more child than they can afford . " he turn back to Harry . " you will soon find out some wizarding family be much well than other , Potter . you do n't want to go make friend with the wrong sort . I can help you there . " he hold out his hand to shake Harry 's , but Harry do n't take it . " I think I can tell who the wrong sort be for myself , thanks , " he say coolly . Draco Malfoy do n't go red , but a pink tinge appear in his pale cheek . " I will be careful if I be you , Potter , " he say slowly . " unless you be a bit polite you will go the same way as your parent . they do n't know what be good for them , either . you hang around with riffraff like the Weasleys and that Hagrid , and it will rub off on you . " both Harry and Ron stand up . " say that again , " Ron say , his face as red as his hair . " oh , you be go to fight us , be you ? " Malfoy sneer . " unless you get out now , " say Harry , more bravely than he feel , because Crabbe and Goyle be a lot big than him or Ron . " but we do n't foot like leave , do we , boy ? we have eat all our food and you still seem to have some . " Goyle reach toward the chocolate frog next to Ron -- Ron leap forward , but before he will so much as touch Goyle , Goyle let out a horrible yell . Scabbers the rat be hang off his finger , sharp little tooth sink deep into Goyle 's knuckle -- Crabbe and Malfoy back away as Goyle swing Scabbers round and round , howl , and when Scabbers finally fly off and hit the window , all three of them disappear at once . perhaps they think there be more rat lurk among the sweet , or perhaps they have hear footstep , because a second later , Hermione Granger have come in . " what have be go on ? " she say , look at the sweet all over the floor and Ron pick up Scabbers by his tail . " I think he have be knock out , " Ron say to Harry . he look close at Scabbers . " no -- I do n't believe it -- he be go back to sleep . " and so he have . " you have meet Malfoy before ? " Harry explain about their meeting in Diagon Alley . " I have hear of his family , " say Ron darkly . " they be some of the first to come back to our side after You-Know-Who disappear . say they have be bewitch . my dad do n't believe it . he say Malfoy 's father do n't need an excuse to go over to the dark side . " he turn to Hermione . " can we help you with something ? " " you will well hurry up and put your robe on , I have just be up to the front to ask the conductor , and he say we be nearly there . you have n't be fight , have you ? you will be in trouble before we even get there ! " " Scabbers have be fight , not us , " say Ron , scowl at her . " would you mind leave while we change ? " " all right -- I only come in here because people outside be behave very childishly , race up and down the corridor , " say Hermione in a sniffy voice . " and you have get dirt on your nose , by the way , do you know ? " Ron glare at her as she leave . Harry peer out of the window . it be get dark . he could see mountain and forest under a deep purple sky . the train do seem to be slow down . he and Ron take off their jacket and pull on their long black robe . Ron 's be a bit short for him , you could see his sneakers underneath them . a voice echo through the train : " we will be reach Hogwarts in five minute ' time . please leave your luggage on the train , it will be take to the school separately . " Harry 's stomach lurch with nerve and Ron , he see , look pale under his freckle . they cram their pocket with the last of the sweet and join the crowd throng the corridor . the train slow right down and finally stop . people push their way toward the door and out on to a tiny , dark platform . Harry shiver in the cold night air . then a lamp come bob over the head of the student , and Harry hear a familiar voice : " fir ' year ! fir ' year over here ! all right there , Harry ? " Hagrid 's big hairy face beam over the sea of head . " C'mon , follow me -- any more fir ' year ? mind yer step , now ! fir ' year follow me ! " slip and stumble , they follow Hagrid down what seem to be a steep , narrow path . it be so dark on either side of them that Harry think there must be thick tree there . nobody speak much . Neville , the boy who keep lose his toad , sniff once or twice . " Yeh will get yer fir ' sight o ' Hogwarts in a sec , " Hagrid call over his shoulder , " jus ' around this bend here . " there be a loud " Oooooh ! " the narrow path have open suddenly onto the edge of a great black lake . perch atop a high mountain on the other side , its window sparkling in the starry sky , be a vast castle with many turret and tower . " no more'n four to a boat ! " Hagrid call , point to a fleet of little boat sit in the water by the shore . Harry and Ron be follow into their boat by Neville and Hermione . " everyone in ? " shout Hagrid , who have a boat to himself . " right then -- Forward ! " and the fleet of little boat move off all at once , glide across the lake , which be as smooth as glass . everyone be silent , stare up at the great castle overhead . it towered over them as they sail near and near to the cliff on which it stand . " head down ! " yell Hagrid as the first boat reach the cliff ; they all bend their head and the little boat carry them through a curtain of ivy that hide a wide opening in the cliff face . they be carry along a dark tunnel , which seem to be take them right underneath the castle , until they reach a kind of underground harbor , where they clamber out onto rock and pebble . " Oy , you there ! be this your toad ? " say Hagrid , who be check the boat as people climb out of them . " Trevor ! " cry Neville blissfully , hold out his hand . then they clamber up a passageway in the rock after Hagrid 's lamp , come out at last onto smooth , damp grass right in the shadow of the castle . they walk up a flight of stone step and crowd around the huge , oak front door . " everyone here ? you there , still get yer toad ? " Hagrid raise a gigantic fist and knock three time on the castle door . chapter Seven The Sorting Hat the door swing open at once . a tall , black-haired witch in emerald-green robe stand there . she have a very stern face and Harry 's first thought be that this be not someone to cross . " the fir ' year , Professor McGonagall , " say Hagrid . " thank you , Hagrid . I will take them from here . " she pull the door wide . the entrance hall be so big you could have fit the whole of the Dursley ' house in it . the stone wall be light with flaming torch like the one at Gringotts , the ceiling be too high to make out , and a magnificent marble staircase face them lead to the upper floor . they follow Professor McGonagall across the flag stone floor . Harry could hear the drone of hundred of voice from a doorway to the right -- the rest of the school must already be here -- but Professor McGonagall show the first year into a small , empty chamber off the hall . they crowd in , stand rather closer together than they would usually have do , peer about nervously . " welcome to Hogwarts , " say Professor McGonagall . " the start-of-term banquet will begin shortly , but before you take your seat in the Great Hall , you will be sort into your house . the Sorting be a very important ceremony because , while you be here , your house will be something like your family within Hogwarts . you will have class with the rest of your house , sleep in your house dormitory , and spend free time in your house common room . " the four house be call Gryffindor , Hufflepuff , Ravenclaw , and Slytherin . each house have its own noble history and each have produce outstanding witch and wizard . while you be at Hogwarts , your triumph will earn your house point , while any rulebreaking will lose house point . at the end of the year , the house with the most point be award the house cup , a great honor . I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house become yours . " the Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minute in front of the rest of the school . I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you be wait . " her eye linger for a moment on Neville 's cloak , which be fasten under his left ear , and on Ron 's smudge nose . Harry nervously try to flatten his hair . " I shall return when we be ready for you , " say Professor McGonagall . " please wait quietly . " she leave the chamber . Harry swallow . " how exactly do they sort us into house ? " he ask Ron . " some sort of test , I think . Fred say it hurt a lot , but I think he be joke . " Harry 's heart give a horrible jolt . a test ? in front of the whole school ? but he do n't know any magic yet - what on earth would he have to do ? he have n't expect something like this the moment they arrive . he look around anxiously and see that everyone else look terrify , too . no one be talk much except Hermione Granger , who be whisper very fast about all the spell she have learn and wonder which one she will need . Harry try hard not to listen to her . he have never be more nervous , never , not even when he have have to take a school report home to the Dursley say that he have somehow turn his teacher 's wig blue . he keep his eye fix on the door . any second now , Professor McGonagall would come back and lead him to his doom . then something happen that make him jump about a foot in the air -- several people behind him scream . " what the - ? " he gasp . so do the people around him . about twenty ghost have just stream through the back wall . Pearly-white and slightly transparent , they glide across the room talk to one another and hardly glance at the first year . they seem to be argue . what look like a fat little monk be say : " forgive and forget , I say , we ought to give him a second chance - " " my dear Friar , have n't we give Peeves all the chance he deserve ? he give us all a bad name and you know , he be not really even a ghost -- I say , what be you all do here ? " a ghost wear a ruff and tights have suddenly notice the first year . nobody answer . " new student ! " say the Fat Friar , smile around at them . " about to be Sorted , I suppose ? " a few people nod mutely . " hope to see you in Hufflepuff ! " say the Friar . " my old house , you know . " " move along now , " say a sharp voice . " the Sorting Ceremony be about to start . " Professor McGonagall have return . one by one , the ghost float away through the opposite wall . " now , form a line , " Professor McGonagall tell the first year , " and follow me . " feel oddly as though his leg have turn to lead , Harry get into line behind a boy with sandy hair , with Ron behind him , and they walk out of the chamber , back across the hall , and through a pair of double door into the Great Hall . Harry have never even imagine such a strange and splendid place . it be light by thousand and thousand of candle that be float in midair over four long table , where the rest of the student be sit . these table be lay with glitter golden plate and goblet . at the top of the hall be another long table where the teacher be sit . Professor McGonagall lead the first year up here , so that they come to a halt in a line face the other student , with the teacher behind them . the hundred of face stare at them look like pale lantern in the flicker candlelight . dot here and there among the student , the ghost shine misty silver . mainly to avoid all the stare eye , Harry look upward and see a velvety black ceiling dot with star . he hear Hermione whisper , " its bewitch to look like the sky outside . I read about it in Hogwarts , a history . " it be hard to believe there be a ceiling there at all , and that the Great Hall do n't simply open on to the heaven . Harry quickly look down again as Professor McGonagall silently place a four-legged stool in front of the first year . on top of the stool she put a pointed wizard 's hat . this hat be patch and fray and extremely dirty . aunt Petunia would n't have let it in the house . maybe they have to try and get a rabbit out of it , Harry think wildly , that seem the sort of thing -- notice that everyone in the hall be now stare at the hat , he stare at it , too . for a few second , there be complete silence . then the hat twitch . a rip near the brim open wide like a mouth -- and the hat begin to sing : " oh , you may not think I be pretty , but do n't judge on what you see , I will eat myself if you can find a smart hat than me . you can keep your bowler black , your top hat sleek and tall , for I be the Hogwarts Sorting Hat and I can cap them all . there be nothing hide in your head the Sorting Hat ca n't see , so try me on and I will tell you where you ought to be . you might belong in Gryffindor , where dwell the brave at heart , their daring , nerve , and chivalry set Gryffindors apart ; you might belong in Hufflepuff , where they be just and loyal , Those patient Hufflepuffs be true and unafraid of toil ; or yet in wise old Ravenclaw , if you have a ready mind , where those of wit and learning , will always find their kind ; or perhaps in Slytherin you will make your real friend , Those cunning folk use any mean to achieve their end . so put me on ! do n't be afraid ! and do n't get in a flap ! you be in safe hand ( though I have none ) for I be a Thinking Cap ! " the whole hall burst into applause as the hat finish its song . it bow to each of the four table and then become quite still again . " so we have just get to try on the hat ! " Ron whisper to Harry . " I will kill Fred , he be go on about wrestle a troll . " Harry smile weakly . yes , try on the hat be a lot well than have to do a spell , but he do wish they could have try it on without everyone watching . the hat seem to be ask rather a lot ; Harry do n't feel brave or quick-witted or any of it at the moment . if only the hat have mention a house for people who feel a bit queasy , that would have be the one for him . Professor McGonagall now step forward hold a long roll of parchment . " when I call your name , you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sort , " she say . " Abbott , Hannah ! " a pink-faced girl with blonde pigtail stumble out of line , put on the hat , which fall right down over her eye , and sit down . a moment pause - " HUFFLEPUFF ! " shout the hat . the table on the right cheer and clap as Hannah go to sit down at the Hufflepuff table . Harry see the ghost of the Fat Friar wave merrily at her . " bone , Susan ! " " HUFFLEPUFF ! " shout the hat again , and Susan scuttle off to sit next to Hannah . " boot , Terry ! " " RAVENCLAW ! " the table second from the left clap this time ; several Ravenclaws stand up to shake hand with Terry as he join them . " Brocklehurst , Mandy " go to Ravenclaw too , but " Brown , Lavender " become the first new Gryffindor , and the table on the far leave explode with cheer ; Harry could see Ron 's twin brother catcall . " Bulstrode , Millicent " then become a Slytherin . perhaps it be Harry 's imagination , after all he have hear about Slytherin , but he think they look like an unpleasant lot . he be start to feel definitely sick now . he remember be pick for team during gym at his old school . he have always be last to be choose , not because he be no good , but because no one want Dudley to think they like him . " Finch-Fletchley , Justin ! " " HUFFLEPUFF ! " sometimes , Harry notice , the hat shout out the house at once , but at other it take a little while to decide . " Finnigan , Seamus , " the sandy-haired boy next to Harry in the line , sit on the stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declare him a Gryffindor . " Granger , Hermione ! " Hermione almost run to the stool and jam the hat eagerly on her head . " GRYFFINDOR ! " shout the hat . Ron groan . a horrible thought strike Harry , as horrible thought always do when you be very nervous . what if he be n't choose at all ? what if he just sit there with the hat over his eye for age , until Professor McGonagall jerk it off his head and say there have obviously be a mistake and he will well get back on the train ? when Neville Longbottom , the boy who keep lose his toad , be call , he fall over on his way to the stool . the hat take a long time to decide with Neville . when it finally shout , " GRYFFINDOR , " Neville run off still wear it , and have to jog back amid gale of laughter to give it to " MacDougal , Morag . " Malfoy swagger forward when his name be call and get his wish at once : the hat have barely touch his head when it scream , " SLYTHERIN ! " Malfoy go to join his friend Crabbe and Goyle , look pleased with himself . there be n't many people leave now . " Moon " ... , " Nott " ... , " Parkinson " ... , then a pair of twin girl , " Patil " and " Patil " ... , then " Perks , Sally-Anne " ... , and then , at last - " Potter , Harry ! " as Harry step forward , whisper suddenly break out like little hiss fire all over the hall . " Potter , do she say ? " " the Harry Potter ? " the last thing Harry see before the hat drop over his eye be the hall full of people crane to get a good look at him . next second he be look at the black inside of the hat . he wait . " hmm , " say a small voice in his ear . " difficult . very difficult . plenty of courage , I see . not a bad mind either . there be talent , A my goodness , yes -- and a nice thirst to prove yourself , now that be interesting ... so where shall I put you ? " Harry grip the edge of the stool and think , not Slytherin , not Slytherin . " not Slytherin , eh ? " say the small voice . " be you sure ? you could be great , you know , it be all here in your head , and Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness , no doubt about that -- no ? well , if you be sure -- well be GRYFFINDOR ! " Harry hear the hat shout the last word to the whole hall . he take off the hat and walk shakily toward the Gryffindor table . he be so relieve to have be choose and not put in Slytherin , he hardly notice that he be get the loud cheer yet . Percy the prefect get up and shake his hand vigorously , while the Weasley twin yell , " we get Potter ! we get Potter ! " Harry sit down opposite the ghost in the ruff he have see earlier . the ghost pat his arm , give Harry the sudden , horrible feeling he have just plunge it into a bucket of ice-cold water . he could see the High Table properly now . at the end nearest him sit Hagrid , who catch his eye and give him the thumb up . Harry grin back . and there , in the center of the High Table , in a large gold chair , sit Albus Dumbledore . Harry recognize him at once from the card he have get out of the Chocolate Frog on the train . Dumbledore 's silver hair be the only thing in the whole hall that shine as brightly as the ghost . Harry spot Professor Quirrell , too , the nervous young man from the Leaky Cauldron . he be look very peculiar in a large purple turban . and now there be only three people leave to be sort . " Thomas , Dean , " a Black boy even tall than Ron , join Harry at the Gryffindor table . " Turpin , Lisa , " become a Ravenclaw and then it be Ron 's turn . he be pale green by now . Harry cross his finger under the table and a second later the hat have shout , " GRYFFINDOR ! " Harry clap loudly with the rest as Ron collapse into the chair next to him . " well do , Ron , excellent , " say Percy Weasley pompously across Harry as " Zabini , Blaise , " be make a Slytherin . Professor McGonagall roll up her scroll and take the Sorting Hat away . Harry look down at his empty gold plate . he have only just realize how hungry he be . the pumpkin pasty seem age ago . Albus Dumbledore have get to his foot . he be beam at the student , his arm open wide , as if nothing could have please him more than to see them all there . " welcome , " he say . " welcome to a new year at Hogwarts ! before we begin our banquet , I would like to say a few word . and here they be : nitwit ! blubber ! oddment ! tweak ! " thank you ! " he sit back down . everybody clap and cheer . Harry do n't know whether to laugh or not . " be he -- a bit mad ? " he ask Percy uncertainly . " mad ? " say Percy airily . " he be a genius ! good wizard in the world ! but he be a bit mad , yes . potato , Harry ? " Harry 's mouth fall open . the dish in front of him be now pile with food . he have never see so many thing he like to eat on one table : roast beef , roast chicken , pork chop and lamb chop , sausage , bacon and steak , boil potato , roast potato , fry , Yorkshire pudding , pea , carrot , gravy , ketchup , and , for some strange reason , peppermint humbug . the Dursley have never exactly starve Harry , but he have never be allow to eat as much as he like . Dudley have always take anything that Harry really want , even if it make him sick . Harry pile his plate with a bit of everything except the peppermint and begin to eat . it be all delicious . " that do look good , " say the ghost in the ruff sadly , watch Harry cut up his steak . " can n't you - ? " " I have n't eat for nearly five hundred year , " say the ghost . " I do n't need to , of course , but one do miss it . I do n't think I have introduce myself ? Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington at your service . resident ghost of Gryffindor Tower . " " I know who you be ! " say Ron suddenly . " my brother tell me about you -- you be nearly headless Nick ! " " I would prefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy - " the ghost begin stiffly , but sandyhaired Seamus Finnigan interrupt . " nearly headless ? how can you be nearly headless ? " Sir Nicholas look extremely miff , as if their little chat be n't go at all the way he want . " like this , " he say irritably . he seize his leave ear and pull . his whole head swing off his neck and fall onto his shoulder as if it be on a hinge . someone have obviously try to behead him , but not do it properly . look pleased at the stun look on their face , nearly Headless Nick flip his head back onto his neck , cough , and say , " so -- new Gryffindors ! I hope you be go to help us win the house championship this year ? Gryffindors have never go so long without win . Slytherins have get the cup six year in a row ! the Bloody Baron be become almost unbearable -- he be the Slytherin ghost . " Harry look over at the Slytherin table and see a horrible ghost sit there , with blank stare eye , a gaunt face , and robe stain with silver blood . he be right next to Malfoy who , Harry be please to see , do n't look too pleased with the seating arrangement . " how do he get cover in blood ? " ask Seamus with great interest . " I have never ask , " say nearly Headless Nick delicately . when everyone have eat as much as they could , the remain of the food fade from the plate , leave them sparkling clean as before . a moment later the dessert appear . block of ice cream in every flavor you could think of , apple pie , treacle tart , chocolate eclairs and jam doughnut , trifle , strawberry , Jell-O , rice pudding ... as Harry help himself to a treacle tart , the talk turn to their family . " I be half-and-half , " say Seamus . " me dad be a Muggle . mom do n't tell him she be a witch ' til after they be marry . bit of a nasty shock for him . " the other laugh . " what about you , Neville ? " say Ron . " well , my gran bring me up and she be a witch , " say Neville , " but the family think I be all-Muggle for age . my Great Uncle Algie keep try to catch me off my guard and force some magic out of me -- he push me off the end of Blackpool pier once , I nearly drowned -- but nothing happen until I be eight . Great Uncle Algie come round for dinner , and he be hang me out of an upstairs window by the ankle when my Great Auntie Enid offer him a meringue and he accidentally let go . but I bounce -- all the way down the garden and into the road . they be all really please , Gran be cry , she be so happy . and you should have see their face when I get in here -- they think I might not be magic enough to come , you see . Great Uncle Algie be so please he buy me my toad . " on Harry 's other side , Percy Weasley and Hermione be talk about lesson ( " I do hope they start right away , there be so much to learn , I be particularly interested in transfiguration , you know , turn something into something else , of course , it be suppose to be very difficult - " ; " you will be start small , just match into needle and that sort of thing -- " ) . Harry , who be start to feel warm and sleepy , look up at the High Table again . Hagrid be drink deeply from his goblet . Professor McGonagall be talk to Professor Dumbledore . Professor Quirrell , in his absurd turban , be talk to a teacher with greasy black hair , a hooked nose , and sallow skin . it happen very suddenly . the hook-nosed teacher look past Quirrell 's turban straight into Harry 's eye -- and a sharp , hot pain shot across the scar on Harry 's forehead . " ouch ! " Harry clap a hand to his head . " what be it ? " ask Percy . " N-nothing . " the pain have go as quickly as it have come . harder to shake off be the feeling Harry have get from the teacher 's look -- a feeling that he do n't like Harry at all . " who be that teacher talk to Professor Quirrell ? " he ask Percy . " oh , you know Quirrell already , do you ? no wonder he be look so nervous , that be Professor Snape . he teach potion , but he do n't want to -- everyone know he be after Quirrell 's job . know an awful lot about the Dark Arts , Snape . " Harry watch Snape for a while , but Snape do n't look at him again . at last , the dessert too disappear , and Professor Dumbledore get to his foot again . the hall fall silent . " ahem -- just a few more word now that we be all feed and water . I have a few start-of-term notice to give you . " first year should note that the forest on the ground be forbid to all pupil . and a few of our old student would do well to remember that as well . " Dumbledore 's twinkle eye flash in the direction of the Weasley twin . " I have also be ask by Mr. Filch , the caretaker , to remind you all that no magic should be use between class in the corridor . " Quidditch trial will be hold in the second week of the term . anyone interested in play for their house team should contact Madam Hooch . " and finally , I must tell you that this year , the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side be out of bound to everyone who do not wish to die a very painful death . " Harry laugh , but he be one of the few who do . " he be not serious ? " he mutter to Percy . " must be , " say Percy , frown at Dumbledore . " it be odd , because he usually give us a reason why we be not allow to go somewhere -- the forest be full of dangerous beast , everyone know that . I do think he might have tell us prefect , at least . " " and now , before we go to bed , let us sing the school song ! " cry Dumbledore . Harry notice that the other teacher ' smile have become rather fix . Dumbledore give his wand a little flick , as if he be try to get a fly off the end , and a long golden ribbon fly out of it , which rise high above the table and twist itself , snakelike , into word . " everyone pick their favorite tune , " say Dumbledore , " and off we go ! " and the school bellow : " Hogwarts , Hogwarts , Hoggy Warty Hogwarts , Teach us something please , whether we be old and bald or young with scabby knee , Our head could do with fill with some interesting stuff , for now they be bare and full of air , Dead fly and bit of fluff , so teach us thing worth know , Bring back what we have forget , just do your good , we will do the rest , and learn until our brain all rot . " everybody finish the song at different time . at last , only the Weasley twin be leave sing along to a very slow funeral march . Dumbledore conduct their last few line with his wand and when they have finish , he be one of those who clap loud . " ah , music , " he say , wipe his eye . " a magic beyond all we do here ! and now , bedtime . off you trot ! " the Gryffindor first year follow Percy through the chatter crowd , out of the Great Hall , and up the marble staircase . Harry 's leg be like lead again , but only because he be so tired and full of food . he be too sleepy even to be surprise that the people in the portrait along the corridor whisper and point as they pass , or that twice Percy lead them through doorway hide behind slide panel and hang tapestry . they climb more staircase , yawn and drag their foot , and Harry be just wonder how much farther they have to go when they come to a sudden halt . a bundle of walk stick be float in midair ahead of them , and as Percy take a step toward them they start throw themselves at him . " peeve , " Percy whisper to the first year . " a poltergeist . " he raise his voice , " Peeves -- show yourself . " a loud , rude sound , like the air be let out of a balloon , answer . " do you want me to go to the Bloody Baron ? " there be a pop , and a little man with wicked , dark eye and a wide mouth appear , float cross-legged in the air , clutch the walk stick . " Oooooooh ! " he say , with an evil cackle . " Ickle Firsties ! what fun ! " he swoop suddenly at them . they all duck . " go away , Peeves , or the Baron will hear about this , I mean it ! " bark Percy . peeve stick out his tongue and vanish , drop the walk stick on Neville 's head . they hear him zoom away , rattle coat of armor as he pass . " you want to watch out for Peeves , " say Percy , as they set off again . " the Bloody Baron be the only one who can control him , he wo n't even listen to us prefect . here we be . " at the very end of the corridor hang a portrait of a very fat woman in a pink silk dress . " password ? " she say . " caput Draconis , " say Percy , and the portrait swing forward to reveal a round hole in the wall . they all scramble through it -- Neville need a leg up -- and find themselves in the Gryffindor common room , a cozy , round room full of squashy armchair . Percy direct the girl through one door to their dormitory and the boy through another . at the top of a spiral staircase -- they be obviously in one of the tower -- they find their bed at last : five four-poster hang with deep red , velvet curtain . their trunk have already be bring up . too tired to talk much , they pull on their pajamas and fall into bed . " great food , be n't it ? " Ron mutter to Harry through the hanging . " get off , Scabbers ! he be chew my sheet . " Harry be go to ask Ron if he have have any of the treacle tart , but he fall asleep almost at once . perhaps Harry have eat a bit too much , because he have a very strange dream . he be wear Professor Quirrell 's turban , which keep talk to him , tell him he must transfer to Slytherin at once , because it be his destiny . Harry tell the turban he do n't want to be in Slytherin ; it get heavy and heavy ; he try to pull it off but it tighten painfully -- and there be Malfoy , laugh at him as he struggle with it -- then Malfoy turn into the hook-nosed teacher , Snape , whose laugh become high and cold -- there be a burst of green light and Harry wake , sweat and shake . he roll over and fall asleep again , and when he wake next day , he do n't remember the dream at all . chapter EIGHT The Potions Master " there , look . " " where ? " " next to the tall kid with the red hair . " " wear the glass ? " " do you see his face ? " " do you see his scar ? " whisper follow Harry from the moment he leave his dormitory the next day . people line up outside classroom stand on tiptoe to get a look at him , or double back to pass him in the corridor again , stare . Harry wish they would n't , because he be try to concentrate on find his way to class . there be a hundred and forty-two staircase at Hogwarts : wide , sweeping one ; narrow , rickety one ; some that lead somewhere different on a Friday ; some with a vanish step halfway up that you have to remember to jump . then there be door that would n't open unless you ask politely , or tickle them in exactly the right place , and door that be n't really door at all , but solid wall just pretend . it be also very hard to remember where anything be , because it all seem to move around a lot . the people in the portrait keep go to visit each other , and Harry be sure the coat of armor could walk . the ghost do n't help , either . it be always a nasty shock when one of them glide suddenly through a door you be try to open . nearly Headless Nick be always happy to point new Gryffindors in the right direction , but Peeves the poltergeist be worth two lock door and a trick staircase if you meet him when you be late for class . he would drop wastepaper basket on your head , pull rug from under your foot , pelt you with bit of chalk , or sneak up behind you , invisible , grab your nose , and screech , " Got YOUR CONK ! " even bad than Peeves , if that be possible , be the caretaker , Argus Filch . Harry and Ron manage to get on the wrong side of him on their very first morning . filch found them try to force their way through a door that unluckily turn out to be the entrance to the out-of-bound corridor on the third floor . he would n't believe they be lose , be sure they be try to break into it on purpose , and be threaten to lock them in the dungeon when they be rescue by Professor Quirrell , who be pass . filch own a cat call Mrs. Norris , a scrawny , dust-colored creature with bulge , lamp like eye just like Filch 's . she patrol the corridor alone . break a rule in front of her , put just one toe out of line , and she will whisk off for Filch , who will appear , wheeze , two second later . filch know the secret passageway of the school well than anyone ( except perhaps the Weasley twin ) and could pop up as suddenly as any of the ghost . the student all hate him , and it be the dear ambition of many to give Mrs. Norris a good kick . and then , once you have manage to find them , there be the class themselves . there be a lot more to magic , as Harry quickly find out , than wave your wand and say a few funny word . they have to study the night sky through their telescope every Wednesday at midnight and learn the name of different star and the movement of the planet . three time a week they go out to the greenhouse behind the castle to study Herbology , with a dumpy little witch call Professor Sprout , where they learn how to take care of all the strange plant and fungus , and find out what they be use for . easily the most boring class be history of Magic , which be the only one teach by a ghost . Professor Binns have be very old indeed when he have fall asleep in front of the staff room fire and get up next morning to teach , leave his body behind him . Binns drone on and on while they scribble down name and date , and get Emetic the Evil and Uric the oddball mix up . Professor Flitwick , the Charms teacher , be a tiny little wizard who have to stand on a pile of book to see over his desk . at the start of their first class he take the roll call , and when he reach Harry 's name he give an excited squeak and topple out of sight . Professor McGonagall be again different . Harry have be quite right to think she be n't a teacher to cross . strict and clever , she give them a talking-to the moment they sit down in her first class . " transfiguration be some of the most complex and dangerous magic you will learn at Hogwarts , " she say . " anyone mess around in my class will leave and not come back . you have be warn . " then she change her desk into a pig and back again . they be all very impress and could n't wait to get start , but soon realize they be n't go to be change the furniture into animal for a long time . after take a lot of complicated note , they be each give a match and start try to turn it into a needle . by the end of the lesson , only Hermione Granger have make any difference to her match ; Professor McGonagall show the class how it have go all silver and pointy and give Hermione a rare smile . the class everyone have really be look forward to be defense against the Dark Arts , but Quirrell 's lesson turn out to be a bit of a joke . his classroom smell strongly of garlic , which everyone say be to ward off a vampire he have meet in Romania and be afraid would be come back to get him one of these day . his turban , he tell them , have be give to him by an African prince as a thank-you for get rid of a troublesome zombie , but they be n't sure they believe this story . for one thing , when Seamus Finnigan ask eagerly to hear how Quirrell have fight off the zombie , Quirrell go pink and start talk about the weather ; for another , they have notice that a funny smell hang around the turban , and the Weasley twin insist that it be stuff full of garlic as well , so that Quirrell be protect wherever he go . Harry be very relieve to find out that he be n't mile behind everyone else . lot of people have come from Muggle family and , like him , have n't have any idea that they be witch and wizard . there be so much to learn that even people like Ron do n't have much of a head start . Friday be an important day for Harry and Ron . they finally manage to find their way down to the Great Hall for breakfast without get lose once . " what have we get today ? " Harry ask Ron as he pour sugar on his porridge . " double potion with the Slytherins , " say Ron . " Snape 's Head of Slytherin House . they say he always favor them -- we will be able to see if it be true . " " Wish McGonagall favor us , " say Harry . Professor McGonagall be head of Gryffindor House , but it have n't stop her from give them a huge pile of homework the day before . just then , the mail arrive . Harry have get use to this by now , but it have give him a bit of a shock on the first morning , when about a hundred owl have suddenly stream into the Great Hall during breakfast , circle the table until they see their owner , and drop letter and package onto their lap . Hedwig have n't bring Harry anything so far . she sometimes fly in to nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before go off to sleep in the owlery with the other school owl . this morning , however , she flutter down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and drop a note onto Harry 's plate . Harry tear it open at once . it say , in a very untidy scrawl : Dear Harry , I know you get Friday afternoon off , so would you like to come and have a cup of tea with me around three ? I want to hear all about your first week . send us an answer back with Hedwig . Hagrid Harry borrow Ron 's quill , scribble Yes , please , see you later on the back of the note , and send Hedwig off again . it be lucky that Harry have tea with Hagrid to look forward to , because the potion lesson turn out to be the bad thing that have happen to him so far . at the start-of-term banquet , Harry have get the idea that Professor Snape dislike him . by the end of the first potion lesson , he know he have be wrong . Snape do n't dislike Harry -- he hate him . potion lesson take place down in one of the dungeon . it be cold here than up in the main castle , and would have be quite creepy enough without the pickled animal float in glass jar all around the wall . Snape , like Flitwick , start the class by take the roll call , and like Flitwick , he pause at Harry 's name . " ah , Yes , " he say softly , " Harry Potter . our new -- celebrity . " Draco Malfoy and his friend Crabbe and Goyle snigger behind their hand . Snape finish call the name and look up at the class . his eye be black like Hagrid 's , but they have none of Hagrid 's warmth . they be cold and empty and make you think of dark tunnel . " you be here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potionmaking , " he begin . he speak in barely more than a whisper , but they catch every word -- like Professor McGonagall , Snape have the gift of keep a class silent without effort . " as there be little foolish wand-waving here , many of you will hardly believe this be magic . I do n't expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmer cauldron with its shimmer fume , the delicate power of liquid that creep through human vein , bewitch the mind , ensnare the sense ... I can teach you how to bottle fame , brew glory , even stopper death -- if you be n't as big a bunch of dunderhead as I usually have to teach . " more silence follow this little speech . Harry and Ron exchange look with raise eyebrow . Hermione Granger be on the edge of her seat and look desperate to start prove that she be n't a dunderhead . " Potter ! " say Snape suddenly . " what would I get if I add powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood ? " powdered root of what to an infusion of what ? Harry glance at Ron , who look as stump as he be ; Hermione 's hand have shoot into the air . " I do n't know , sir , " say Harry . Snape 's lip curl into a sneer . " tut , tut -- fame clearly be n't everything . " he ignore Hermione 's hand . " let be try again . Potter , where would you look if I tell you to find me a bezoar ? " Hermione stretch her hand as high into the air as it would go without her leave her seat , but Harry do n't have the faint idea what a bezoar be . he try not to look at Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle , who be shake with laughter . " I do n't know , sir . " " think you would n't open a book before come , eh , Potter ? " Harry force himself to keep look straight into those cold eye . he have look through his book at the Dursley ' , but do Snape expect him to remember everything in one Thousand Magical Herb and Fungi ? Snape be still ignore Hermione 's quiver hand . " what be the difference , Potter , between monkshood and wolfsbane ? " at this , Hermione stand up , her hand stretch toward the dungeon ceiling . " I do n't know , " say Harry quietly . " I think Hermione do , though , why do n't you try her ? " a few people laugh ; Harry catch Seamus 's eye , and Seamus wink . Snape , however , be not please . " sit down , " he snap at Hermione . " for your information , Potter , asphodel and wormwood make a sleep potion so powerful it be know as the draught of live death . a bezoar be a stone take from the stomach of a goat and it will save you from most poison . as for monkshood and wolfsbane , they be the same plant , which also go by the name of aconite . well ? why be n't you all copying that down ? " there be a sudden rummage for quill and parchment . over the noise , Snape say , " and a point will be take from Gryffindor House for your cheek , Potter . " thing do n't improve for the Gryffindors as the potion lesson continue . Snape put them all into pair and set them to mix up a simple potion to cure boil . he sweep around in his long black cloak , watch them weigh dry nettle and crush snake fang , criticize almost everyone except Malfoy , whom he seem to like . he be just tell everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy have stew his horned slug when cloud of acid green smoke and a loud hiss fill the dungeon . Neville have somehow manage to melt Seamus 's cauldron into a twisted blob , and their potion be seep across the stone floor , burn hole in people 's shoe . within second , the whole class be stand on their stool while Neville , who have be drench in the potion when the cauldron collapse , moan in pain as angry red boil spring up all over his arm and leg . " idiot boy ! " snarl Snape , clear the spill potion away with one wave of his wand . " I suppose you add the porcupine quill before take the cauldron off the fire ? " Neville whimper as boil start to pop up all over his nose . " take him up to the hospital wing , " Snape spit at Seamus . then he round on Harry and Ron , who have be work next to Neville . " you -- Potter -- why do n't you tell him not to add the quill ? think he will make you look good if he get it wrong , do you ? that be another point you have lose for Gryffindor . " this be so unfair that Harry open his mouth to argue , but Ron kick him behind their cauldron . " do n't push it , " he mutter , " I have hear Snape can turn very nasty . " as they climb the step out of the dungeon an hour later , Harry 's mind be race and his spirit be low . he have lose two point for Gryffindor in his very first week - why do Snape hate him so much ? " cheer up , " say Ron , " Snape be always take point off Fred and George . can I come and meet Hagrid with you ? " at five to three they leave the castle and make their way across the ground . Hagrid live in a small wooden house on the edge of the forbidden forest . a crossbow and a pair of galosh be outside the front door . when Harry knock they hear a frantic scrabble from inside and several booming bark . then Hagrid 's voice ring out , say , " back , Fang - back . " Hagrid 's big , hairy face appear in the crack as he pull the door open . " hang on , " he say . " back , Fang . " he let them in , struggle to keep a hold on the collar of an enormous black boarhound . there be only one room inside . ham and pheasant be hang from the ceiling , a copper kettle be boil on the open fire , and in the corner stand a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it . " make yerselves at home , " say Hagrid , let go of Fang , who bound straight at Ron and start lick his ear . like Hagrid , Fang be clearly not as fierce as he look . " this be Ron , " Harry tell Hagrid , who be pour boil water into a large teapot and put rock cake onto a plate . " another Weasley , eh ? " say Hagrid , glance at Ron 's freckle . " I spend half me life chasin ' yer twin brother away from the forest . " the rock cake be shapeless lump with raisin that almost break their tooth , but Harry and Ron pretend to be enjoy them as they tell Hagrid all about their first lesson . Fang rest his head on Harry 's knee and drool all over his robe . Harry and Ron be delight to hear Hagrid call Filch " that old git . " " an ' as fer that cat , Mrs. Norris , I will like ter introduce her to Fang sometime . D'yeh know , every time I go up ter the school , she follow me everywhere ? can n't get rid of her -- Filch put her up to it . " Harry tell Hagrid about Snape 's lesson . Hagrid , like Ron , tell Harry not to worry about it , that Snape like hardly any of the student . " but he seem to really hate me . " " rubbish ! " say Hagrid . " why should he ? " yet Harry could n't help think that Hagrid do n't quite meet his eye when he say that . " how be yer brother Charlie ? " Hagrid ask Ron . " I like him a lot -- great with animal . " Harry wonder if Hagrid have change the subject on purpose . while Ron tell Hagrid all about Charlie 's work with dragon , Harry pick up a piece of paper that be lie on the table under the tea cozy . it be a cutting from the Daily Prophet : GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATEST investigation continue into the break-in at Gringotts on @card@ July , widely believe to be the work of dark wizard or witch unknown . Gringotts goblin today insist that nothing have be take . the vault that be search have in fact be empty the same day . " but we be not tell you what be in there , so keep your nose out if you know what be good for you , " say a Gringotts spokesgoblin this afternoon . Harry remember Ron tell him on the train that someone have try to rob Gringotts , but Ron have n't mention the date . " Hagrid ! " say Harry , " that Gringotts break-in happen on my birthday ! it might have be happen while we be there ! " there be no doubt about it , Hagrid definitely do n't meet Harry 's eye this time . he grunt and offer him another rock cake . Harry read the story again . the vault that be search have in fact be empty earlier that same day . Hagrid have empty vault seven hundred and thirteen , if you could call it empty , take out that grubby little package . have that be what the thief be look for ? as Harry and Ron walk back to the castle for dinner , their pocket weigh down with rock cake they have be too polite to refuse , Harry think that none of the lesson he have have so far have give him as much to think about as tea with Hagrid . have Hagrid collect that package just in time ? where be it now ? and do Hagrid know something about Snape that he do n't want to tell Harry ? chapter Nine The Midnight Duel Harry have never believe he would meet a boy he hate more than Dudley , but that be before he meet Draco Malfoy . still , first-year Gryffindors only have potion with the Slytherins , so they do n't have to put up with Malfoy much . or at least , they do n't until they spot a notice pin up in the Gryffindor common room that make them all groan . fly lesson would be start on Thursday -- and Gryffindor and Slytherin would be learn together . " typical , " say Harry darkly . " just what I always want . to make a fool of myself on a broomstick in front of Malfoy . " he have be look forward to learn to fly more than anything else . " you do n't know that you will make a fool of yourself , " say Ron reasonably . " anyway , I know Malfoy be always go on about how good he be at Quidditch , but I bet that be all talk . " Malfoy certainly do talk about fly a lot . he complain loudly about first year never get on the house Quidditch team and tell long , boastful story that always seem to end with him narrowly escape Muggles in helicopter . he be n't the only one , though : the way Seamus Finnigan tell it , he have spend most of his childhood zoom around the countryside on his broomstick . even Ron would tell anyone who will listen about the time he will almost hit a hang glider on Charlie 's old broom . everyone from wizarding family talk about Quidditch constantly . Ron have already have a big argument with Dean Thomas , who share their dormitory , about soccer . Ron could n't see what be exciting about a game with only one ball where no one be allow to fly . Harry have catch Ron prodding Dean 's poster of West Ham soccer team , try to make the player move . Neville have never be on a broomstick in his life , because his grandmother have never let him near one . privately , Harry feel she have have good reason , because Neville manage to have an extraordinary number of accident even with both foot on the ground . Hermione Granger be almost as nervous about fly as Neville be . this be something you could n't learn by heart out of a book -- not that she have n't try . at breakfast on Thursday she bore them all stupid with fly tip she have get out of a library book call Quidditch through the Ages . Neville be hang on to her every word , desperate for anything that might help him hang on to his broomstick later , but everybody else be very please when Hermione 's lecture be interrupt by the arrival of the mail . Harry have n't have a single letter since Hagrid 's note , something that Malfoy have be quick to notice , of course . Malfoy 's eagle owl be always bring him package of sweet from home , which he open gloatingly at the Slytherin table . a barn owl bring Neville a small package from his grandmother . he open it excitedly and show them a glass ball the size of a large marble , which seem to be full of white smoke . " it be a Remembrall ! " he explain . " Gran know I forget thing -- this tell you if there be something you have forget to do . look , you hold it tight like this and if it turn red -- oh ... " his face fall , because the Remembrall have suddenly glow scarlet , " ... you have forget something ... " Neville be try to remember what he have forget when Draco Malfoy , who be pass the Gryffindor table , snatch the Remembrall out of his hand . Harry and Ron jump to their foot . they be half hope for a reason to fight Malfoy , but Professor McGonagall , who could spot trouble quick than any teacher in the school , be there in a flash . " what be go on ? " " Malfoy have get my Remembrall , Professor . " scowl , Malfoy quickly drop the Remembrall back on the table . " just look , " he say , and he slope away with Crabbe and Goyle behind him . at three-thirty that afternoon , Harry , Ron , and the other Gryffindors hurry down the front step onto the ground for their first fly lesson . it be a clear , breezy day , and the grass ripple under their foot as they march down the sloping lawn toward a smooth , flat lawn on the opposite side of the ground to the forbidden forest , whose tree be sway darkly in the distance . the Slytherins be already there , and so be twenty broomstick lie in neat line on the ground . Harry have hear Fred and George Weasley complain about the school broom , say that some of them start to vibrate if you fly too high , or always fly slightly to the left . their teacher , Madam Hooch , arrive . she have short , gray hair , and yellow eye like a hawk . " well , what be you all wait for ? " she bark . " everyone stand by a broomstick . come on , hurry up . " Harry glance down at his broom . it be old and some of the twig stick out at odd angle . " stick out your right hand over your broom , " call Madam Hooch at the front , " and say ' up ! ' " " UP " everyone shout . Harry 's broom jump into his hand at once , but it be one of the few that do . Hermione Granger 's have simply roll over on the ground , and Neville 's have n't move at all . perhaps broom , like horse , could tell when you be afraid , think Harry ; there be a quaver in Neville 's voice that say only too clearly that he want to keep his foot on the ground . madam Hooch then show them how to mount their broom without slide off the end , and walk up and down the row correct their grip . Harry and Ron be delight when she tell Malfoy he have be do it wrong for year . " now , when I blow my whistle , you kick off from the ground , hard , " say Madam Hooch . " keep your broom steady , rise a few foot , and then come straight back down by lean forward slightly . on my whistle -- three -- two - " but Neville , nervous and jumpy and frighten of be leave on the ground , push off hard before the whistle have touch Madam Hooch 's lip . " come back , boy ! " she shout , but Neville be rise straight up like a cork shoot out of a bottle -- twelve foot -- twenty foot . Harry see his scared white face look down at the ground fall away , see him gasp , slip sideways off the broom and - WHAM -- a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lie facedown on the grass in a heap . his broomstick be still rise high and high , and start to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight . madam Hooch be bend over Neville , her face as white as his . " break wrist , " Harry hear her mutter . " come on , boy -- it be all right , up you get . " she turn to the rest of the class . " none of you be to move while I take this boy to the hospital wing ! you leave those broom where they be or you will be out of Hogwarts before you can say ' Quidditch . ' come on , dear . " Neville , his face tear-streaked , clutch his wrist , hobble off with Madam Hooch , who have her arm around him . no sooner be they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter . " do you see his face , the great lump ? " the other Slytherins join in . " shut up , Malfoy , " snap Parvati Patil . " Ooh , stick up for Longbottom ? " say Pansy Parkinson , a hard-faced Slytherin girl . " never think you will like fat little crybaby , Parvati . " " look ! " say Malfoy , dart forward and snatch something out of the grass . " it be that stupid thing Longbottom 's gran send him . " the Remembrall glitter in the sun as he hold it up . " give that here , Malfoy , " say Harry quietly . everyone stop talk to watch . Malfoy smile nastily . " I think I will leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find -- how about -- up a tree ? " " give it here ! " Harry yell , but Malfoy have leap onto his broomstick and take off . he have n't be lie , he could fly well . hover level with the topmost branch of an oak he call , " come and get it , Potter ! " Harry grab his broom . " no ! " shout Hermione Granger . " madam Hooch tell us not to move -- you will get us all into trouble . " Harry ignore her . blood be pound in his ear . he mount the broom and kick hard against the ground and up , up he soar ; air rush through his hair , and his robe whip out behind him -- and in a rush of fierce joy he realize he have find something he could do without be teach -- this be easy , this be wonderful . he pull his broomstick up a little to take it even high , and hear scream and gasp of girl back on the ground and an admire whoop from Ron . he turn his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair . Malfoy look stun . " give it here , " Harry call , " or I will knock you off that broom ! " " oh , yeah ? " say Malfoy , try to sneer , but look worried . Harry know , somehow , what to do . he lean forward and grasp the broom tightly in both hand , and it shoot toward Malfoy like a javelin . Malfoy only just get out of the way in time ; Harry make a sharp about-face and hold the broom steady . a few people below be clap . " no Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck , Malfoy , " Harry call . the same thought seem to have strike Malfoy . " catch it if you can , then ! " he shout , and he throw the glass ball high into the air and streak back toward the ground . Harry see , as though in slow motion , the ball rise up in the air and then start to fall . he lean forward and point his broom handle down -- next second he be gather speed in a steep dive , race the ball -- wind whistle in his ear , mingle with the scream of people watch -- he stretch out his hand -- a foot from the ground he catch it , just in time to pull his broom straight , and he topple gently onto the grass with the Remembrall clutch safely in his fist . " harry Potter ! " his heart sink faster than he have just dive . Professor McGonagall be run toward them . he get to his foot , tremble . " never -- in all my time at Hogwarts - " Professor McGonagall be almost speechless with shock , and her glass flash furiously , " - how dare you -- might have break your neck - " " it be n't his fault , Professor - " " be quiet , Miss Patil - " " but Malfoy - " " that be enough , Mr. Weasley . Potter , follow me , now . " Harry catch sight of Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle 's triumphant face as he leave , walk numbly in Professor McGonagall 's wake as she stride toward the castle . he be go to be expel , he just know it . he want to say something to defend himself , but there seem to be something wrong with his voice . Professor McGonagall be sweep along without even look at him ; he have to jog to keep up . now he have do it . he have n't even last two week . he will be pack his bag in ten minute . what would the Dursley say when he turn up on the doorstep ? up the front step , up the marble staircase inside , and still Professor McGonagall do n't say a word to him . she wrench open door and march along corridor with Harry trot miserably behind her . maybe she be take him to Dumbledore . he think of Hagrid , expel but allow to stay on as gamekeeper . perhaps he could be Hagrid 's assistant . his stomach twist as he imagine it , watch Ron and the other become wizard , while he stump around the ground carry Hagrid 's bag . Professor McGonagall stop outside a classroom . she open the door and poke her head inside . " excuse me , Professor Flitwick , could I borrow Wood for a moment ? " wood ? think Harry , bewilder ; be Wood a cane she be go to use on him ? but Wood turn out to be a person , a burly fifth-year boy who come out of Flitwick 's class look confused . " follow me , you two , " say Professor McGonagall , and they march on up the corridor , Wood look curiously at Harry . " in here . " Professor McGonagall point them into a classroom that be empty except for Peeves , who be busy write rude word on the blackboard . " out , Peeves ! " she bark . peeve throw the chalk into a bin , which clang loudly , and he swoop out curse . Professor McGonagall slam the door behind him and turn to face the two boy . " Potter , this be Oliver Wood . wood -- I have find you a seeker . " Wood 's expression change from puzzlement to delight . " be you serious , Professor ? " " absolutely , " say Professor McGonagall crisply . " the boy be a natural . I have never see anything like it . be that your first time on a broomstick , Potter ? " Harry nod silently . he do n't have a clue what be go on , but he do n't seem to be be expel , and some of the feeling start come back to his leg . " he catch that thing in his hand after a fifty-foot dive , " Professor McGonagall tell Wood . " do n't even scratch himself . Charlie Weasley could n't have do it . " Wood be now look as though all his dream have come true at once . " ever see a game of Quidditch , Potter ? " he ask excitedly . " Wood 's captain of the Gryffindor team , " Professor McGonagall explain . " he be just the build for a Seeker , too , " say Wood , now walk around Harry and stare at him . " light - speedy -- we will have to get him a decent broom , Professor -- a Nimbus Two Thousand or a Cleansweep seven , I will say . " " I shall speak to Professor Dumbledore and see if we ca n't bend the first-year rule . heaven know , we need a good team than last year . flatten in that last match by Slytherin , I could n't look Severus Snape in the face for week ... " Professor McGonagall peer sternly over her glass at Harry . " I want to hear you be train hard , Potter , or I may change my mind about punish you . " then she suddenly smile . " your father would have be proud , " she say . " he be an excellent Quidditch player himself . " " you be joke . " it be dinnertime . Harry have just finish telling Ron what have happen when he have leave the ground with Professor McGonagall . Ron have a piece of steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth , but he have forget all about it . " seeker ? " he say . " but first year never -- you must be the young house player in about - " " -- a century , " say Harry , shovel pie into his mouth . he feel particularly hungry after the excitement of the afternoon . " Wood tell me . " Ron be so amaze , so impress , he just sit and gape at Harry . " I start train next week , " say Harry . " only do n't tell anyone , Wood want to keep it a secret . " Fred and George Weasley now come into the hall , spot Harry , and hurry over . " well do , " say George in a low voice . " Wood tell us . we be on the team too -- Beaters . " " I tell you , we be go to win that Quidditch cup for sure this year , " say Fred . " we have n't win since Charlie leave , but this year 's team be go to be brilliant . you must be good , Harry , Wood be almost skip when he tell us . " " anyway , we have get to go , Lee Jordan reckon he have find a new secret passageway out of the school . " " bet it be that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we find in our first week . see you . " Fred and George have hardly disappear when someone far less welcome turn up : Malfoy , flank by Crabbe and Goyle . " have a last meal , Potter ? when be you get the train back to the Muggles ? " " you be a lot brave now that you be back on the ground and you have get your little friend with you , " say Harry coolly . there be of course nothing at all little about Crabbe and Goyle , but as the High Table be full of teacher , neither of them could do more than crack their knuckle and scowl . " I will take you on anytime on my own , " say Malfoy . " tonight , if you want . wizard 's duel . wand only -- no contact . what be the matter ? never hear of a wizard 's duel before , I suppose ? " " of course he have , " say Ron , wheel around . " I be his second , who be yours ? " Malfoy look at Crabbe and Goyle , size them up . " Crabbe , " he say . " midnight all right ? we will meet you in the trophy room ; that be always unlock . " when Malfoy have go , Ron and Harry look at each other . " what be a wizard 's duel ? " say Harry . " and what do you mean , you be my second ? " " well , a second be there to take over if you die , " say Ron casually , get start at last on his cold pie . catch the look on Harry 's face , he add quickly , " but people only die in proper duel , you know , with real wizard . the most you and Malfoy will be able to do be send spark at each other . neither of you know enough magic to do any real damage . I bet he expect you to refuse , anyway . " " and what if I wave my wand and nothing happen ? " " throw it away and punch him on the nose , " Ron suggest . " excuse me . " they both look up . it be Hermione Granger . " can n't a person eat in peace in this place ? " say Ron . Hermione ignore him and speak to Harry . " I could n't help overhear what you and Malfoy be say - " " Bet you could , " Ron mutter . " - and you must n't go wander around the school at night , think of the point you will lose Gryffindor if you be catch , and you be bind to be . it be really very selfish of you . " " and it be really none of your business , " say Harry . " Good-bye , " say Ron . all the same , it be n't what you will call the perfect end to the day , Harry think , as he lay awake much later listen to Dean and Seamus fall asleep ( Neville be n't back from the hospital wing ) . Ron have spend all evening give him advice such as " if he try to curse you , you will well dodge it , because I ca n't remember how to block them . " there be a very good chance they be go to get catch by Filch or Mrs. Norris , and Harry feel he be push his luck , break another school rule today . on the other hand , Malfoy 's sneering face keep loom up out of the darkness -- this be his big chance to beat Malfoy face-to-face . he could n't miss it . " Half-past eleven , " Ron mutter at last , " we will well go . " they pull on their bathrobe , pick up their wand , and creep across the tower room , down the spiral staircase , and into the Gryffindor common room . a few ember be still glowing in the fireplace , turn all the armchair into hunch black shadow . they have almost reach the portrait hole when a voice speak from the chair nearest them , " I ca n't believe you be go to do this , Harry . " a lamp flicker on . it be Hermione Granger , wear a pink bathrobe and a frown . " you ! " say Ron furiously . " go back to bed ! " " I almost tell your brother , " Hermione snap , " Percy -- he be a prefect , he will put a stop to this . " Harry could n't believe anyone could be so interfere . " come on , " he say to Ron . he push open the portrait of the Fat Lady and climb through the hole . Hermione be n't go to give up that easily . she follow Ron through the portrait hole , hiss at them like an angry goose . " do n't you care about Gryffindor , do you only care about yourselves , I do n't want Slytherin to win the house cup , and you will lose all the point I get from Professor McGonagall for know about Switching Spells . " " go away . " " all right , but I warn you , you just remember what I say when you be on the train home tomorrow , you be so - " but what they be , they do n't find out . Hermione have turn to the portrait of the Fat Lady to get back inside and find herself face an empty painting . the Fat Lady have go on a nighttime visit and Hermione be lock out of Gryffindor tower . " now what be I go to do ? " she ask shrilly . " that be your problem , " say Ron . " we have get to go , we be go to be late . " they have n't even reach the end of the corridor when Hermione catch up with them . " I be come with you , " she say . " you be not . " " D'you think I be go to stand out here and wait for Filch to catch me ? if he find all three of us I will tell him the truth , that I be try to stop you , and you can back me up . " " you have get some nerve - " say Ron loudly . " shut up , both of you ! " say Harry sharply . " I hear something . " it be a sort of snuffle . " Mrs. Norris ? " breathe Ron , squint through the dark . it be n't Mrs. Norris . it be Neville . he be curl up on the floor , fast asleep , but jerk suddenly awake as they creep near . " thank goodness you find me ! I have be out here for hour , I could n't remember the new password to get in to bed . " " keep your voice down , Neville . the password 's ' Pig snout ' but it wo n't help you now , the Fat Lady be go off somewhere . " " how be your arm ? " say Harry . " fine , " say Neville , show them . " madam Pomfrey mend it in about a minute . " " good -- well , look , Neville , we have get to be somewhere , we will see you later - " " do n't leave me ! " say Neville , scramble to his foot , " I do n't want to stay here alone , the Bloody Baron have be past twice already . " Ron look at his watch and then glare furiously at Hermione and Neville . " if either of you get us catch , I will never rest until I have learn that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell tell us about , and use it on you . " Hermione open her mouth , perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the curse of the Bogies , but Harry hiss at her to be quiet and beckon them all forward . they flit along corridor stripe with bar of moonlight from the high window . at every turn Harry expect to run into Filch or Mrs. Norris , but they be lucky . they speed up a staircase to the third floor and tiptoe toward the trophy room . Malfoy and Crabbe be n't there yet . the crystal trophy case glimmer where the moonlight catch them . cup , shield , plate , and statue wink silver and gold in the darkness . they edge along the wall , keep their eye on the door at either end of the room . Harry take out his wand in case Malfoy leap in and start at once . the minute creep by . " he be late , maybe he be chickened out , " Ron whisper . then a noise in the next room make them jump . Harry have only just raise his wand when they hear someone speak -- and it be n't Malfoy . " sniff around , my sweet , they might be lurk in a corner . " it be Filch speak to Mrs. Norris . horror-struck , Harry wave madly at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible ; they scurry silently toward the door , away from Filch 's voice . Neville 's robe have barely whip around the corner when they hear Filch enter the trophy room . " they be in here somewhere , " they hear him mutter , " probably hide . " " this way ! " Harry mouth to the other and , petrify , they begin to creep down a long gallery full of suit of armor . they could hear Filch get near . Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and break into a run he trip , grab Ron around the waist , and the pair of them topple right into a suit of armor . the clanging and crash be enough to wake the whole castle . " run ! " Harry yell , and the four of them sprint down the gallery , not look back to see whether Filch be follow -- they swing around the doorpost and gallop down one corridor then another , Harry in the lead , without any idea where they be or where they be go -- they rip through a tapestry and find themselves in a hidden passageway , hurtle along it and come out near their Charms classroom , which they know be mile from the trophy room . " I think we have lose him , " Harry pant , lean against the cold wall and wipe his forehead . Neville be bend double , wheeze and splutter . " I - tell -- you , " Hermione gasp , clutch at the stitch in her chest , " I -- tell -- you . " " we have get to get back to Gryffindor tower , " say Ron , " quickly as possible . " " Malfoy trick you , " Hermione say to Harry . " you realize that , do n't you ? he be never go to meet you -- Filch know someone be go to be in the trophy room , Malfoy must have tip him off . " Harry think she be probably right , but he be n't go to tell her that . " let be go . " it be n't go to be that simple . they have n't go more than a dozen pace when a doorknob rattle and something come shoot out of a classroom in front of them . it be Peeves . he catch sight of them and give a squeal of delight . " shut up , Peeves -- please -- you will get us throw out . " peeve cackle . " wander around at midnight , Ickle Firsties ? tut , tut , tut . naughty , naughty , you will get caughty . " " not if you do n't give us away , Peeves , please . " " should tell Filch , I should , " say Peeves in a saintly voice , but his eye glitter wickedly . " it be for your own good , you know . " " get out of the way , " snap Ron , take a swipe at Peeves this be a big mistake . " student out of BED ! " peeve bellow , " STUDENTS Out of BED Down THE CHARMS Corridor ! " duck under Peeves , they run for their life , right to the end of the corridor where they slam into a door -- and it be lock . " this be it ! " Ron moan , as they push helplessly at the door , " we be do for ! this be the end ! " they could hear footstep , Filch run as fast as he could toward Peeves 's shout . " oh , move over , " Hermione snarl . she grab Harry 's wand , tap the lock , and whisper , " Alohomora ! " the lock click and the door swing open -- they pile through it , shut it quickly , and press their ear against it , listen . " which way do they go , Peeves ? " filch be say . " quick , tell me . " " say ' please . ' " " do n't mess with me , Peeves , now where do they go ? " " Sha n't say nothing if you do n't say please , " say Peeves in his annoy singsong voice . " all right - please . " " nothing ! Ha haaa ! tell you I would n't say nothing if you do n't say please ! Ha ha ! Haaaaaa ! " and they hear the sound of Peeves whoosh away and Filch curse in rage . " he think this door be lock , " Harry whisper . " I think we will be okay -- get off , Neville ! " for Neville have be tug on the sleeve of Harry 's bathrobe for the last minute . " what ? " Harry turn around -- and see , quite clearly , what . for a moment , he be sure he will walk into a nightmare -- this be too much , on top of everything that have happen so far . they be n't in a room , as he have suppose . they be in a corridor . the forbidden corridor on the third floor . and now they know why it be forbid . they be look straight into the eye of a monstrous dog , a dog that fill the whole space between ceiling and floor . it have three head . three pair of rolling , mad eye ; three nose , twitch and quiver in their direction ; three drool mouth , saliva hanging in slippery rope from yellowish fang . it be stand quite still , all six eye stare at them , and Harry know that the only reason they be n't already dead be that their sudden appearance have take it by surprise , but it be quickly get over that , there be no mistake what those thunderous growl mean . Harry grope for the doorknob -- between Filch and death , he will take Filch . they fall backward -- Harry slam the door shut , and they run , they almost fly , back down the corridor . filch must have hurry off to look for them somewhere else , because they do n't see him anywhere , but they hardly care -- all they want to do be put as much space as possible between them and that monster . they do n't stop run until they reach the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor . " where on earth have you all be ? " she ask , look at their bathrobe hang off their shoulder and their flush , sweaty face . " never mind that -- pig snout , pig snout , " pant Harry , and the portrait swing forward . they scramble into the common room and collapse , tremble , into armchair . it be a while before any of them say anything . Neville , indeed , look as if he will never speak again . " what do they think they be do , keep a thing like that lock up in a school ? " say Ron finally . " if any dog need exercise , that one do . " Hermione have get both her breath and her bad temper back again . " you do n't use your eye , any of you , do you ? " she snap . " do n't you see what it be stand on ? " " the floor ? " Harry suggest . " I be n't look at its foot , I be too busy with its head . " " no , not the floor . it be stand on a trapdoor . it be obviously guard something . " she stand up , glare at them . " I hope you be please with yourselves . we could all have be kill -- or bad , expel . now , if you do n't mind , I be go to bed . " Ron stare after her , his mouth open . " no , we do n't mind , " he say . " you will think we drag her along , would n't you . " but Hermione have give Harry something else to think about as he climb back into bed . the dog be guard something ... what have Hagrid say ? Gringotts be the safe place in the world for something you want to hide -- except perhaps Hogwarts . it look as though Harry have find out where the grubby little package from vault seven hundred and thirteen be . chapter Ten Halloween Malfoy could n't believe his eye when he see that Harry and Ron be still at Hogwarts the next day , look tired but perfectly cheerful . indeed , by the next morning Harry and Ron think that meet the three-headed dog have be an excellent adventure , and they be quite keen to have another one . in the meantime , Harry fill Ron in about the package that seem to have be move from Gringotts to Hogwarts , and they spend a lot of time wonder what could possibly need such heavy protection . " it be either really valuable or really dangerous , " say Ron . " or both , " say Harry . but as all they know for sure about the mysterious object be that it be about two inch long , they do n't have much chance of guess what it be without further clue . neither Neville nor Hermione show the slight interest in what lie underneath the dog and the trapdoor . all Neville care about be never go near the dog again . Hermione be now refuse to speak to Harry and Ron , but she be such a bossy know-it-all that they see this as an added bonus . all they really want now be a way of get back at Malfoy , and to their great delight , just such a thing arrive in the mail about a week later . as the owl flood into the Great Hall as usual , everyone 's attention be catch at once by a long , thin package carry by six large screech owl . Harry be just as interested as everyone else to see what be in this large parcel , and be amaze when the owl soar down and drop it right in front of him , knock his bacon to the floor . they have hardly flutter out of the way when another owl drop a letter on top of the parcel . Harry rip open the letter first , which be lucky , because it say : do NOT Open THE Parcel AT THE Table . it contain your new Nimbus Two Thousand , but I do n't want everybody know you have get a broomstick or they will all want one . Oliver Wood will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven o'clock for your first training session . Professor McGonagall Harry have difficulty hide his glee as he hand the note to Ron to read . " a Nimbus Two Thousand ! " Ron moan enviously . " I have never even touch one . " they leave the hall quickly , want to unwrap the broomstick in private before their first class , but halfway across the entrance hall they find the way upstairs bar by Crabbe and Goyle . Malfoy seize the package from Harry and feel it . " that be a broomstick , " he say , throw it back to Harry with a mixture of jealousy and spite on his face . " you will be in for it this time , Potter , first year be n't allow them . " Ron could n't resist it . " it be not any old broomstick , " he say , " it be a Nimbus Two Thousand . what do you say you have get at home , Malfoy , a Comet Two Sixty ? " Ron grin at Harry . " comet look flashy , but they be not in the same league as the Nimbus . " " what would you know about it , Weasley , you could n't afford half the handle , " Malfoy snap back . " I suppose you and your brother have to save up twig by twig . " before Ron could answer , Professor Flitwick appear at Malfoy 's elbow . " not argue , I hope , boy ? " he squeak . " Potter have be send a broomstick , Professor , " say Malfoy quickly . " yes , yes , that be right , " say Professor Flitwick , beam at Harry . " Professor McGonagall tell me all about the special circumstance , Potter . and what model be it ? " " a Nimbus Two Thousand , it be , " say Harry , fight not to laugh at the look of horror on Malfoy 's face . " and it be really thanks to Malfoy here that I have get it , " he add . Harry and Ron head upstairs , smother their laughter at Malfoy 's obvious rage and confusion . " well , it be true , " Harry chortle as they reach the top of the marble staircase , " if he have n't steal Neville 's Remembrall I would n't be on the team ... " " so I suppose you think that be a reward for break rule ? " come an angry voice from just behind them . Hermione be stomp up the stair , look disapprovingly at the package in Harry 's hand . " I think you be n't speak to us ? " say Harry . " yes , do n't stop now , " say Ron , " it be do us so much good . " Hermione march away with her nose in the air . Harry have a lot of trouble keep his mind on his lesson that day . it keep wander up to the dormitory where his new broomstick be lie under his bed , or stray off to the Quidditch field where he will be learn to play that night . he bolt his dinner that evening without notice what he be eat , and then rush upstairs with Ron to unwrap the Nimbus Two Thousand at last . " wow , " Ron sigh , as the broomstick roll onto Harry 's bedspread . even Harry , who know nothing about the different broom , think it look wonderful . sleek and shiny , with a mahogany handle , it have a long tail of neat , straight twig and Nimbus Two Thousand write in gold near the top . as seven o'clock draw near , Harry leave the castle and set off in the dusk toward the Quidditch field . hold never be inside the stadium before . hundred of seat be raise in stand around the field so that the spectator be high enough to see what be go on . at either end of the field be three golden pole with hoop on the end . they remind Harry of the little plastic stick Muggle child blow bubble through , except that they be fifty foot high . too eager to fly again to wait for Wood , Harry mount his broomstick and kick off from the ground . what a feeling -- he swoop in and out of the goal post and then speed up and down the field . the Nimbus Two Thousand turn wherever he want at his light touch . " hey , Potter , come down ! " Oliver Wood have arrive . he be carry a large wooden crate under his arm . Harry land next to him . " very nice , " say Wood , his eye glint . " I see what McGonagall mean ... you really be a natural . I be just go to teach you the rule this evening , then you will be join team practice three time a week . " he open the crate . inside be four different-sized ball . " right , " say Wood . " now , Quidditch be easy enough to understand , even if it be not too easy to play . there be seven player on each side . three of them be call chaser . " " three chaser , " Harry repeat , as Wood take out a bright red ball about the size of a soccer ball . " this ball have call the Quaffle , " say Wood . " the chaser throw the Quaffle to each other and try and get it through one of the hoop to score a goal . ten point every time the Quaffle go through one of the hoop . follow me ? " " the chaser throw the Quaffle and put it through the hoop to score , " Harry recite . " so -- that be sort of like basketball on broomstick with six hoop , be n't it ? " " what be basketball ? " say Wood curiously . " never mind , " say Harry quickly . " now , there be another player on each side who have call the Keeper -- I be Keeper for Gryffindor . I have to fly around our hoop and stop the other team from score . " " three chaser , one Keeper , " say Harry , who be determine to remember it all . " and they play with the Quaffle . okay , get that . so what be they for ? " he point at the three ball leave inside the box . " I will show you now , " say Wood . " take this . " he hand Harry a small club , a bit like a short baseball bat . " I be go to show you what the Bludgers do , " Wood say . " these two be the Bludgers . " he show Harry two identical ball , jet black and slightly small than the red Quaffle . Harry notice that they seem to be strain to escape the strap hold them inside the box . " stand back , " Wood warn Harry . he bend down and free one of the Bludgers . at once , the black ball rise high in the air and then pelt straight at Harry 's face . Harry swing at it with the bat to stop it from break his nose , and send it zigzag away into the air -- it zoom around their head and then shoot at Wood , who dive on top of it and manage to pin it to the ground . " see ? " Wood pant , force the struggling Bludger back into the crate and strap it down safely . " the Bludgers rocket around , try to knock player off their broom . that be why you have two Beaters on each team -- the Weasley twin be ours -- it be their job to protect their side from the Bludgers and try and knock them toward the other team . so -- think you have get all that ? " " three chaser try and score with the Quaffle ; the Keeper guard the goal post ; the Beaters keep the Bludgers away from their team , " Harry reel off . " very good , " say Wood . " er -- have the Bludgers ever kill anyone ? " Harry ask , hope he sound offhand . " never at Hogwarts . we have have a couple of break jaw but nothing bad than that . now , the last member of the team be the Seeker . that be you . and you do n't have to worry about the Quaffle or the Bludgers - " " - unless they crack my head open . " " do n't worry , the Weasleys be more than a match for the Bludgers -- I mean , they be like a pair of human Bludgers themselves . " Wood reach into the crate and take out the fourth and last ball . compare with the Quaffle and the Bludgers , it be tiny , about the size of a large walnut . it be bright gold and have little flutter silver wing . " this , " say Wood , " be the Golden Snitch , and it be the most important ball of the lot . it be very hard to catch because it be so fast and difficult to see . it be the Seeker 's job to catch it . you have get to weave in and out of the chaser , Beaters , Bludgers , and Quaffle to get it before the other team 's Seeker , because whichever Seeker catch the Snitch win his team an extra hundred and fifty point , so they nearly always win . that be why seeker get foul so much . a game of Quidditch only end when the Snitch be catch , so it can go on for age -- I think the record be three month , they have to keep bring on substitute so the player could get some sleep . " well , that be it any question ? " Harry shake his head . he understand what he have to do all right , it be do it that be go to be the problem . " we wo n't practice with the Snitch yet , " say Wood , carefully shut it back inside the crate , " it be too dark , we might lose it . let be try you out with a few of these . " he pull a bag of ordinary golf ball out of his pocket and a few minute later , he and Harry be up in the air , Wood throw the golf ball as hard as he could in every direction for Harry to catch . Harry do n't miss a single one , and Wood be delight . after half an hour , night have really fall and they could n't carry on . " that Quidditch Cup will have our name on it this year , " say Wood happily as they trudge back up to the castle . " I would n't be surprise if you turn out well than Charlie Weasley , and he could have play for England if he have n't go off chase dragon . " perhaps it be because he be now so busy , what with Quidditch practice three evening a week on top of all his homework , but Harry could hardly believe it when he realize that he have already be at Hogwarts two month . the castle feel more like home than Privet Drive ever have . his lesson , too , be become more and more interesting now that they have master the basic . on Halloween morning they wake to the delicious smell of bake pumpkin waft through the corridor . even well , Professor Flitwick announce in Charms that he think they be ready to start make object fly , something they have all be die to try since they have see him make Neville 's toad zoom around the classroom . Professor Flitwick put the class into pair to practice . Harry 's partner be Seamus Finnigan ( which be a relief , because Neville have be try to catch his eye ) . Ron , however , be to be work with Hermione Granger . it be hard to tell whether Ron or Hermione be angry about this . she have n't speak to either of them since the day Harry 's broomstick have arrive . " now , do n't forget that nice wrist movement we have be practice ! " squeak Professor Flitwick , perch on top of his pile of book as usual . " swish and flick , remember , swish and flick . and say the magic word properly be very important , too -- never forget Wizard Baruffio , who say ' S ' instead of ' f ' and find himself on the floor with a buffalo on his chest . " it be very difficult . Harry and Seamus swish and flick , but the feather they be suppose to be send skyward just lay on the desktop . Seamus get so impatient that he prod it with his wand and set fire to it -- Harry have to put it out with his hat . Ron , at the next table , be n't have much more luck . " Wingardium Leviosa ! " he shout , wave his long arm like a windmill . " you be say it wrong , " Harry hear Hermione snap . " it be Winggar-dium Levio-sa , make the ' gar ' nice and long . " " you do it , then , if you be so clever , " Ron snarl . Hermione roll up the sleeve of her gown , flick her wand , and say , " Wingardium Leviosa ! " their feather rise off the desk and hover about four foot above their head . " oh , well do ! " cry Professor Flitwick , clap . " everyone see here , Miss Granger have do it ! " Ron be in a very bad mood by the end of the class . " it be no wonder no one can stand her , " he say to Harry as they push their way into the crowded corridor , " she be a nightmare , honestly . " someone knock into Harry as they hurry past him . it be Hermione . Harry catch a glimpse of her face -- and be startle to see that she be in tear . " I think she hear you . " " so ? " say Ron , but he look a bit uncomfortable . " she must have notice she have get no friend . " Hermione do n't turn up for the next class and be n't see all afternoon . on their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween feast , Harry and Ron overhear Parvati Patil tell her friend Lavender that Hermione be cry in the girl ' bathroom and want to be leave alone . Ron look still more awkward at this , but a moment later they have enter the Great Hall , where the Halloween decoration put Hermione out of their mind . a thousand live bat flutter from the wall and ceiling while a thousand more swoop over the table in low black cloud , make the candle in the pumpkin stutter . the feast appear suddenly on the golden plate , as it have at the start-of-term banquet . Harry be just help himself to a bake potato when Professor Quirrell come sprint into the hall , his turban askew and terror on his face . everyone stare as he reach Professor Dumbledore 's chair , slump against the table , and gasp , " Troll -- in the dungeon -- think you ought to know . " he then sink to the floor in a dead faint . there be an uproar . it take several purple firecracker explode from the end of Professor Dumbledore 's wand to bring silence . " prefect , " he rumble , " lead your house back to the dormitory immediately ! " Percy be in his element . " follow me ! stick together , first year ! no need to fear the troll if you follow my order ! stay close behind me , now . make way , first year come through ! excuse me , I be a prefect ! " " how could a troll get in ? " Harry ask as they climb the stair . " do n't ask me , they be suppose to be really stupid , " say Ron . " maybe Peeves let it in for a Halloween joke . " they pass different group of people hurry in different direction . as they jostle their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs , Harry suddenly grab Ron 's arm . " I have just think -- Hermione . " " what about her ? " " she do n't know about the troll . " Ron bite his lip . " oh , all right , " he snap . " but Percy have well not see us . " duck down , they join the Hufflepuffs go the other way , slip down a desert side corridor , and hurry off toward the girl ' bathroom . they have just turn the corner when they hear quick footstep behind them . " Percy ! " hiss Ron , pull Harry behind a large stone griffin . peer around it , however , they see not Percy but Snape . he cross the corridor and disappear from view . " what be he do ? " Harry whisper . " why be n't he down in the dungeon with the rest of the teacher ? " " search me . " quietly as possible , they creep along the next corridor after Snape 's fading footstep . " he be head for the third floor , " Harry say , but Ron hold up his hand . " can you smell something ? " Harry sniff and a foul stench reach his nostril , a mixture of old sock and the kind of public toilet no one seem to clean . and then they hear it -- a low grunt , and the shuffle footfall of gigantic foot . Ron point -- at the end of a passage to the left , something huge be move toward them . they shrink into the shadow and watch as it emerge into a patch of moonlight . it be a horrible sight . twelve foot tall , its skin be a dull , granite gray , its great lumpy body like a boulder with its small bald head perch on top like a coconut . it have short leg thick as tree trunk with flat , horny foot . the smell come from it be incredible . it be hold a huge wooden club , which drag along the floor because its arm be so long . the troll stop next to a doorway and peer inside . it waggle its long ear , make up its tiny mind , then slouch slowly into the room . " the key in the lock , " Harry mutter . " we could lock it in . " " good idea , " say Ron nervously . they edge toward the open door , mouth dry , pray the troll be n't about to come out of it . with one great leap , Harry manage to grab the key , slam the door , and lock it . " yes ! " flush with their victory , they start to run back up the passage , but as they reach the corner they hear something that make their heart stop -- a high , petrify scream -- and it be come from the chamber they have just chain up . " oh , no , " say Ron , pale as the Bloody Baron . " it be the girl ' bathroom ! " Harry gasp . " Hermione ! " they say together . it be the last thing they want to do , but what choice do they have ? wheel around , they sprint back to the door and turn the key , fumble in their panic . Harry pull the door open and they run inside . Hermione Granger be shrink against the wall opposite , look as if she be about to faint . the troll be advance on her , knock the sink off the wall as it go . " confuse it ! " Harry say desperately to Ron , and , seize a tap , he throw it as hard as he could against the wall . the troll stop a few foot from Hermione . it lumber around , blink stupidly , to see what have make the noise . its mean little eye see Harry . it hesitate , then make for him instead , lift its club as it go . " Oy , pea-brain ! " yell Ron from the other side of the chamber , and he throw a metal pipe at it . the troll do n't even seem to notice the pipe hit its shoulder , but it hear the yell and pause again , turn its ugly snout toward Ron instead , give Harry time to run around it . " come on , run , run ! " Harry yell at Hermione , try to pull her toward the door , but she could n't move , she be still flat against the wall , her mouth open with terror . the shouting and the echo seem to be drive the troll berserk . it roar again and start toward Ron , who be nearest and have no way to escape . Harry then do something that be both very brave and very stupid : he take a great run jump and manage to fasten his arm around the troll 's neck from behind . the troll could n't feel Harry hang there , but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its nose , and Harry 's wand have still be in his hand when he have jump - it have go straight up one of the troll 's nostril . howl with pain , the troll twist and flail its club , with Harry cling on for dear life ; any second , the troll be go to rip him off or catch him a terrible blow with the club . Hermione have sink to the floor in fright ; Ron pull out his own wand -- not know what he be go to do he hear himself cry the first spell that come into his head : " Wingardium Leviosa ! " the club fly suddenly out of the troll 's hand , rise high , high up into the air , turn slowly over -- and drop , with a sickening crack , onto its owner 's head . the troll sway on the spot and then fall flat on its face , with a thud that make the whole room tremble . Harry get to his foot . he be shake and out of breath . Ron be stand there with his wand still raise , stare at what he have do . it be Hermione who speak first . " be it -- dead ? " " I do n't think so , " say Harry , " I think it be just be knock out . " he bend down and pull his wand out of the troll 's nose . it be cover in what look like lumpy gray glue . " urgh -- troll boogers . " he wipe it on the troll 's trouser . a sudden slam and loud footstep make the three of them look up . they have n't realize what a racket they have be make , but of course , someone downstairs must have hear the crash and the troll 's roar . a moment later , Professor McGonagall have come burst into the room , closely follow by Snape , with Quirrell bring up the rear . Quirrell take one look at the troll , let out a faint whimper , and sit quickly down on a toilet , clutch his heart . Snape bend over the troll . Professor McGonagall be look at Ron and Harry . Harry have never see her look so angry . her lip be white . hope of win fifty point for Gryffindor fade quickly from Harry 's mind . " what on earth be you think of ? " say Professor McGonagall , with cold fury in her voice . Harry look at Ron , who be still stand with his wand in the air . " you be lucky you be n't kill . why be n't you in your dormitory ? " Snape give Harry a swift , piercing look . Harry look at the floor . he wish Ron would put his wand down . then a small voice come out of the shadow . " please , Professor McGonagall -- they be look for me . " " Miss Granger ! " Hermione have manage to get to her foot at last . " I go look for the troll because I -- I think I could deal with it on my own -- you know , because I have read all about them . " Ron drop his wand . Hermione Granger , tell a downright lie to a teacher ? " if they have n't find me , I will be dead now . Harry stick his wand up its nose and Ron knock it out with its own club . they do n't have time to come and fetch anyone . it be about to finish me off when they arrive . " Harry and Ron try to look as though this story be n't new to them . " well -- in that case ... " say Professor McGonagall , stare at the three of them , " Miss Granger , you foolish girl , how could you think of tackle a mountain troll on your own ? " Hermione hang her head . Harry be speechless . Hermione be the last person to do anything against the rule , and here she be , pretend she have , to get them out of trouble . it be as if Snape have start hand out sweet . " Miss Granger , five point will be take from Gryffindor for this , " say Professor McGonagall . " I be very disappoint in you . if you be not hurt at all , you will well get off to Gryffindor tower . student be finish the feast in their house . " Hermione leave . Professor McGonagall turn to Harry and Ron . " well , I still say you be lucky , but not many first year could have take on a full-grown mountain troll . you each win Gryffindor five point . Professor Dumbledore will be inform of this . you may go . " they hurry out of the chamber and do n't speak at all until they have climb two floor up . it be a relief to be away from the smell of the troll , quite apart from anything else . " we should have get more than ten point , " Ron grumble . " five , you mean , once she be take off Hermione 's . " " good of her to get us out of trouble like that , " Ron admit . " mind you , we do save her . " " she might not have need save if we have n't lock the thing in with her , " Harry remind him . they have reach the portrait of the Fat Lady . " pig snout , " they say and enter . the common room be pack and noisy . everyone be eat the food that have be send up . Hermione , however , stand alone by the door , wait for them . there be a very embarrassed pause . then , none of them look at each other , they all say " thanks , " and hurry off to get plate . but from that moment on , Hermione Granger become their friend . there be some thing you ca n't share without end up like each other , and knock out a twelve-foot mountain troll be one of them . chapter ELEVEN Quidditch as they enter November , the weather turn very cold . the mountain around the school become icy gray and the lake like chill steel . every morning the ground be cover in frost . Hagrid could be see from the upstairs window defrost broomstick on the Quidditch field , bundle up in a long moleskin overcoat , rabbit fur glove , and enormous beaverskin boot . the Quidditch season have begin . on Saturday , Harry would be play in his first match after week of training : Gryffindor versus Slytherin . if Gryffindor win , they would move up into second place in the house championship . hardly anyone have see Harry play because Wood have decide that , as their secret weapon , Harry should be keep , well , secret . but the news that he be play Seeker have leak out somehow , and Harry do n't know which be bad -- people tell him he will be brilliant or people tell him they will be run around underneath him hold a mattress . it be really lucky that Harry now have Hermione as a friend . he do n't know how he will have get through all his homework without her , what with all the last-minute Quidditch practice Wood be make them do . she have also lend him Quidditch through the Ages , which turn out to be a very interesting read . Harry learn that there be seven hundred way of commit a Quidditch foul and that all of them have happen during a World Cup match in @card@ ; that seeker be usually the small and fast player , and that most serious Quidditch accident seem to happen to them ; that although people rarely die play Quidditch , referee have be know to vanish and turn up month later in the Sahara Desert . Hermione have become a bit more relax about break rule since Harry and Ron have save her from the mountain troll , and she be much nice for it . the day before Harry 's first Quidditch match the three of them be out in the freezing courtyard during break , and she have conjure them up a bright blue fire that could be carry around in a jam jar . they be stand with their back to it , get warm , when Snape cross the yard . Harry notice at once that Snape be limp . Harry , Ron , and Hermione move closer together to block the fire from view ; they be sure it would n't be allow . unfortunately , something about their guilty face catch Snape 's eye . he limp over . he have n't see the fire , but he seem to be look for a reason to tell them off anyway . " what be that you have get there , Potter ? " it be Quidditch through the Ages . Harry show him . " library book be not to be take outside the school , " say Snape . " give it to me . five point from Gryffindor . " " he be just make that rule up , " Harry mutter angrily as Snape limp away . " wonder what be wrong with his leg ? " " dunno , but I hope it be really hurt him , " say Ron bitterly . the Gryffindor common room be very noisy that evening . Harry , Ron , and Hermione sit together next to a window . Hermione be check Harry and Ron 's Charms homework for them . she would never let them copy ( " how will you learn ? " ) , but by ask her to read it through , they get the right answer anyway . Harry feel restless . he want Quidditch through the Ages back , to take his mind off his nerve about tomorrow . why should he be afraid of Snape ? get up , he tell Ron and Hermione he be go to ask Snape if he could have it . " better you than me , " they say together , but Harry have an idea that Snape would n't refuse if there be other teacher listen . he make his way down to the staffroom and knock . there be no answer . he knock again . nothing . perhaps Snape have leave the book in there ? it be worth a try . he push the door ajar and peer inside - and a horrible scene meet his eye . Snape and Filch be inside , alone . Snape be hold his robe above his knee . one of his leg be bloody and mangle . filch be hand Snape bandage . " blasted thing , " Snape be say . " how be you suppose to keep your eye on all three head at once ? " Harry try to shut the door quietly , but - " Potter ! " Snape 's face be twist with fury as he drop his robe quickly to hide his leg . Harry gulp . " I just wonder if I could have my book back . " " get OUT ! out ! " Harry leave , before Snape could take any more point from Gryffindor . he sprint back upstairs . " do you get it ? " Ron ask as Harry join them . " what be the matter ? " in a low whisper , Harry tell them what he have see . " you know what this mean ? " he finish breathlessly . " he try to get past that three-headed dog at Halloween ! that be where he be go when we see him -- he be after whatever it be guard ! and I will bet my broomstick he let that troll in , to make a diversion ! " Hermione 's eye be wide . " no -- he would n't , " she say . " I know he be not very nice , but he would n't try and steal something Dumbledore be keep safe . " " honestly , Hermione , you think all teacher be saint or something , " snap Ron . " I be with Harry . I would n't put anything past Snape . but what be he after ? what be that dog guard ? " Harry go to bed with his head buzz with the same question . Neville be snore loudly , but Harry could n't sleep . he try to empty his mind -- he need to sleep , he have to , he have his first Quidditch match in a few hour - but the expression on Snape 's face when Harry have see his leg be n't easy to forget . the next morning dawn very bright and cold . the Great Hall be full of the delicious smell of fried sausage and the cheerful chatter of everyone look forward to a good Quidditch match . " you have get to eat some breakfast . " " I do n't want anything . " " just a bit of toast , " wheedle Hermione . " I be not hungry . " Harry feel terrible . in an hour 's time he will be walk onto the field . " Harry , you need your strength , " say Seamus Finnigan . " seeker be always the one who get clobber by the other team . " " thanks , Seamus , " say Harry , watch Seamus pile ketchup on his sausage . by eleven o'clock the whole school seem to be out in the stand around the Quidditch pitch . many student have binoculars . the seat might be raise high in the air , but it be still difficult to see what be go on sometimes . Ron and Hermione join Neville , Seamus , and Dean the West Ham fan up in the top row . as a surprise for Harry , they have paint a large banner on one of the sheet Scabbers have ruin . it say Potter for President , and Dean , who be good at drawing , have do a large Gryffindor lion underneath . then Hermione have perform a tricky little charm so that the paint flash different color . meanwhile , in the locker room , Harry and the rest of the team be change into their scarlet Quidditch robe ( Slytherin would be play in green ) . Wood clear his throat for silence . " okay , man , " he say . " and woman , " say Chaser Angelina Johnson . " and woman , " Wood agree . " this be it . " " the big one , " say Fred Weasley . " the one we have all be wait for , " say George . " we know Oliver 's speech by heart , " Fred tell Harry , " we be on the team last year . " " shut up , you two , " say Wood . " this be the good team Gryffindor 's have in year . we be go to win . I know it . " he glare at them all as if to say , " or else . " " right . it be time . good luck , all of you . " Harry follow Fred and George out of the locker room and , hope his knee be n't go to give way , walk onto the field to loud cheer . madam Hooch be referee . she stand in the middle of the field wait for the two team , her broom in her hand . " now , I want a nice fair game , all of you , " she say , once they be all gather around her . Harry notice that she seem to be speak particularly to the Slytherin Captain , Marcus Flint , a sixth year . Harry think Flint look as if he have some troll blood in him . out of the corner of his eye he see the flutter banner high above , flash Potter for President over the crowd . his heart skip . he feel brave . " mount your broom , please . " Harry clamber onto his Nimbus Two Thousand . madam Hooch give a loud blast on her silver whistle . fifteen broom rise up , high , high into the air . they be off . " and the Quaffle be take immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor -- what an excellent Chaser that girl be , and rather attractive , too - " " Jordan ! " " sorry , Professor . " the Weasley twin ' friend , Lee Jordan , be do the commentary for the match , closely watch by Professor McGonagall . " and she be really belt along up there , a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet , a good find of Oliver Wood 's , last year only a reserve -- back to Johnson and -- no , the Slytherins have take the Quaffle , Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gain the Quaffle and off he go -- Flint fly like an eagle up there -- he be go to sc - no , stop by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle -- that be Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there , nice dive around Flint , off up the field and -- Ouch -- that must have hurt , hit in the back of the head by a Bludger -- Quaffle take by the Slytherins -- that be Adrian Pucey speed off toward the goal post , but he be block by a second Bludger -- send his way by Fred or George Weasley , ca n't tell which -- nice play by the Gryffindor Beater , anyway , and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle , a clear field ahead and off she go -- she be really fly -- dodge a speed Bludger -- the goal post be ahead -- come on , now , Angelina -- Keeper Bletchley dive -- miss -- GRYFFINDORS Score ! " Gryffindor cheer fill the cold air , with howl and moan from the Slytherins . " budge up there , move along . " " Hagrid ! " Ron and Hermione squeeze together to give Hagrid enough space to join them . " bin watchin ' from me hut , " say Hagrid , pat a large pair of binoculars around his neck , " but it be n't the same as bein ' in the crowd . no sign of the Snitch yet , eh ? " " Nope , " say Ron . " Harry have n't have much to do yet . " " keep outta trouble , though , that be somethin ' , " say Hagrid , raise his binoculars and peer skyward at the speck that be Harry . way up above them , Harry be glide over the game , squint about for some sign of the Snitch . this be part of his and Wood 's game plan . " keep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch , " Wood have say . " we do n't want you attack before you have to be . " when Angelina have score , Harry have do a couple of loop-the-loops to let off his feeling . now he be back to stare around for the Snitch . once he catch sight of a flash of gold , but it be just a reflection from one of the Weasleys ' wristwatch , and once a Bludger decide to come pelt his way , more like a cannonball than anything , but Harry dodge it and Fred Weasley come chase after it . " all right there , Harry ? " he have time to yell , as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint . " Slytherin in possession , " Lee Jordan be say , " Chaser Pucey duck two Bludgers , two Weasleys , and Chaser Bell , and speed toward the -- wait a moment -- be that the Snitch ? " a murmur run through the crowd as Adrian Pucey drop the Quaffle , too busy look over his shoulder at the flash of gold that have pass his left ear . Harry see it . in a great rush of excitement he dive downward after the streak of gold . Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs have see it , too . neck and neck they hurtle toward the Snitch -- all the chaser seem to have forget what they be suppose to be do as they hang in midair to watch . Harry be fast than Higgs -- he could see the little round ball , wing flutter , dart up ahead -- he put on an extra spurt of speed - WHAM ! a roar of rage echo from the Gryffindors below -- Marcus Flint have block Harry on purpose , and Harry 's broom spin off course , Harry holding on for dear life . " foul ! " scream the Gryffindors . madam Hooch speak angrily to Flint and then order a free shot at the goal post for Gryffindor . but in all the confusion , of course , the Golden Snitch have disappear from sight again . down in the stand , Dean Thomas be yell , " send him off , ref ! Red card ! " " what be you talk about , Dean ? " say Ron . " Red card ! " say Dean furiously . " in soccer you get show the red card and you be out of the game ! " " but this be n't soccer , Dean , " Ron remind him . Hagrid , however , be on Dean 's side . " they oughta change the rule . Flint coulda knock Harry outta the air . " Lee Jordan be find it difficult not to take side . " so -- after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating - " " Jordan ! " growl Professor McGonagall . " I mean , after that open and revolting foul ... " " Jordan , I be warn you - " " all right , all right . Flint nearly kill the Gryffindor Seeker , which could happen to anyone , I be sure , so a penalty to Gryffindor , take by Spinner , who put it away , no trouble , and we continue play , Gryffindor still in possession . " it be as Harry dodge another Bludger , which go spin dangerously past his head , that it happen . his broom give a sudden , frightening lurch . for a split second , he think he be go to fall . he grip the broom tightly with both his hand and knee . he have never feel anything like that . it happen again . it be as though the broom be try to buck him off . but Nimbus Two Thousands do not suddenly decide to buck their rider off . Harry try to turn back toward the Gryffindor goal-posts -- he have half a mind to ask Wood to call time-out -- and then he realize that his broom be completely out of his control . he could n't turn it . he could n't direct it at all . it be zigzag through the air , and every now and then make violent swish movement that almost unseat him . Lee be still commentate . " Slytherin in possession -- Flint with the Quaffle -- pass Spinnet -- pass Bell -- hit hard in the face by a Bludger , hope it break his nose -- only joke , Professor -- Slytherins score -- a no ... " the Slytherins be cheer . no one seem to have notice that Harry 's broom be behave strangely . it be carry him slowly high , away from the game , jerk and twitch as it go . " dunno what Harry think he be do , " Hagrid mumble . he stare through his binoculars . " if I didn ' know well , I will say he have lose control of his broom ... but he ca n't have ... " suddenly , people be point up at Harry all over the stand . his broom have start to roll over and over , with him only just manage to hold on . then the whole crowd gasp . Harry 's broom have give a wild jerk and Harry swing off it . he be now dangle from it , hold on with only one hand . " do something happen to it when Flint block him ? " Seamus whisper . " can n't have , " Hagrid say , his voice shake . " can n't nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful dark magic -- no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand . " at these word , Hermione seize Hagrid 's binoculars , but instead of look up at Harry , she start look frantically at the crowd . " what be you do ? " moan Ron , gray-faced . " I know it , " Hermione gasp , " Snape -- look . " Ron grab the binoculars . Snape be in the middle of the stand opposite them . he have his eye fix on Harry and be mutter nonstop under his breath . " he be do something -- jinx the broom , " say Hermione . " what should we do ? " " leave it to me . " before Ron could say another word , Hermione have disappear . Ron turn the binoculars back on Harry . his broom be vibrate so hard , it be almost impossible for him to hang on much longer . the whole crowd be on its foot , watch , terrify , as the Weasleys fly up to try and pull Harry safely onto one of their broom , but it be no good - every time they get near him , the broom would jump higher still . they drop low and circle beneath him , obviously hope to catch him if he fall . Marcus Flint seize the Quaffle and score five time without anyone notice . " come on , Hermione , " Ron mutter desperately . Hermione have fight her way across to the stand where Snape stand , and be now race along the row behind him ; she do n't even stop to say sorry as she knock Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front . reach Snape , she crouch down , pull out her wand , and whisper a few , well-chosen word . bright blue flame shoot from her wand onto the hem of Snape 's robe . it take perhaps thirty second for Snape to realize that he be on fire . a sudden yelp tell her she have do her job . scoop the fire off him into a little jar in her pocket , she scramble back along the row -- Snape would never know what have happen . it be enough . up in the air , Harry be suddenly able to clamber back on to his broom . " Neville , you can look ! " Ron say . Neville have be sob into Hagrid 's jacket for the last five minute . Harry be speed toward the ground when the crowd see him clap his hand to his mouth as though he be about to be sick -- he hit the field on all four -- cough -- and something gold fall into his hand . " I have get the Snitch ! " he shout , wave it above his head , and the game end in complete confusion . " he do n't catch it , he nearly swallow it , " Flint be still howl twenty minute later , but it make no difference -- Harry have n't break any rule and Lee Jordan be still happily shout the result -- Gryffindor have win by one hundred and seventy point to sixty . Harry hear none of this , though . he be be make a cup of strong tea back in Hagrid 's hut , with Ron and Hermione . " it be Snape , " Ron be explain , " Hermione and I see him . he be curse your broomstick , mutter , he would n't take his eye off you . " " rubbish , " say Hagrid , who have n't hear a word of what have go on next to him in the stand . " why would Snape do somethin ' like that ? " Harry , Ron , and Hermione look at one another , wonder what to tell him . Harry decide on the truth . " I find out something about him , " he tell Hagrid . " he try to get past that three-headed dog on Halloween . it bite him . we think he be try to steal whatever it be guard . " Hagrid drop the teapot . " how do you know about Fluffy ? " he say . " fluffy ? " " yeah -- he be mine -- buy him off a Greek chappie I meet in the pub la ' year -- I lend him to Dumbledore to guard the - " " Yes ? " say Harry eagerly . " now , do n't ask me anymore , " say Hagrid gruffly . " that be top secret , that be . " " but Snape be try to steal it . " " rubbish , " say Hagrid again . " Snape be a Hogwarts teacher , he will do nothin ' of the sort . " " so why do he just try and kill Harry ? " cry Hermione . the afternoon 's event certainly seem to have change her mind about Snape . " I know a jinx when I see one , Hagrid , I have read all about them ! you have get to keep eye contact , and Snape be n't blink at all , I see him ! " " I be tellin ' yeh , yer wrong ! " say Hagrid hotly . " I don ' know why Harry 's broom act like that , but Snape wouldn ' try an ' kill a student ! now , listen to me , all three of Yeh -- yer meddlin ' in thing that don ' concern yeh . it be dangerous . you forget that dog , an ' you forget what it be guardin ' , that be between Professor Dumbledore an ' Nicolas Flamel - " " Aha ! " say Harry , " so there be someone call Nicolas Flamel involve , be there ? " Hagrid look furious with himself . chapter Twelve The Mirror of Erised Christmas be come . one morning in mid-December , Hogwarts wake to find itself cover in several foot of snow . the lake freeze solid and the Weasley twin be punish for bewitch several snowball so that they follow Quirrell around , bounce off the back of his turban . the few owl that manage to battle their way through the stormy sky to deliver mail have to be nurse back to health by Hagrid before they could fly off again . no one could wait for the holiday to start . while the Gryffindor common room and the Great Hall have roaring fire , the drafty corridor have become icy and a bitter wind rattle the window in the classroom . bad of all be Professor Snape 's class down in the dungeon , where their breath rise in a mist before them and they keep as close as possible to their hot cauldron . " I do feel so sorry , " say Draco Malfoy , one potion class , " for all those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because they be not want at home . " he be look over at Harry as he speak . Crabbe and Goyle chuckle . Harry , who be measure out powdered spine of lionfish , ignore them . Malfoy have be even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch match . disgust that the Slytherins have lose , he have try to get everyone laugh at how a wide-mouthed tree frog would be replace Harry as Seeker next . then he have realize that nobody find this funny , because they be all so impress at the way Harry have manage to stay on his buck broomstick . so Malfoy , jealous and angry , have go back to taunt Harry about have no proper family . it be true that Harry be n't go back to Privet Drive for Christmas . Professor McGonagall have come around the week before , make a list of student who would be stay for the holiday , and Harry have sign up at once . he do n't feel sorry for himself at all ; this would probably be the good Christmas he will ever have . Ron and his brother be stay , too , because Mr. and Mrs. Weasley be go to Romania to visit Charlie . when they leave the dungeon at the end of potion , they find a large fir tree block the corridor ahead . two enormous foot stick out at the bottom and a loud puff sound tell them that Hagrid be behind it . " hi , Hagrid , want any help ? " Ron ask , stick his head through the branch . " Nah , I be all right , thanks , Ron . " " would you mind move out of the way ? " come Malfoy 's cold drawl from behind them . " be you try to earn some extra money , Weasley ? hope to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts , I suppose -- that hut of Hagrid 's must seem like a palace compare to what your family be use to . " Ron dive at Malfoy just as Snape come up the stair . " WEASLEY ! " Ron let go of the front of Malfoy 's robe . " he be provoke , Professor Snape , " say Hagrid , stick his huge hairy face out from behind the tree . " Malfoy be insultin ' his family . " " be that as it may , fighting be against Hogwarts rule , Hagrid , " say Snape silkily . " five point from Gryffindor , Weasley , and be grateful it be n't more . move along , all of you . " Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle push roughly past the tree , scatter needle everywhere and smirk . " I will get him , " say Ron , grind his tooth at Malfoy 's back , " one of these day , I will get him - " " I hate them both , " say Harry , " Malfoy and Snape . " " come on , cheer up , it be nearly Christmas , " say Hagrid . " tell yeh what , come with me an ' see the Great Hall , look a treat . " so the three of them follow Hagrid and his tree off to the Great Hall , where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick be busy with the Christmas decoration . " ah , Hagrid , the last tree -- put it in the far corner , would you ? " the hall look spectacular . festoon of holly and mistletoe hang all around the wall , and no less than twelve towering Christmas tree stand around the room , some sparkling with tiny icicle , some glitter with hundred of candle . " how many day you get leave until yer holiday ? " Hagrid ask . " just one , " say Hermione . " and that remind me -- Harry , Ron , we have get half an hour before lunch , we should be in the library . " " oh yeah , you be right , " say Ron , tear his eye away from Professor Flitwick , who have golden bubble blossom out of his wand and be trail them over the branch of the new tree . " the library ? " say Hagrid , follow them out of the hall . " just before the holiday ? bit keen , be n't yeh ? " " oh , we be not work , " Harry tell him brightly . " ever since you mention Nicolas Flamel we have be try to find out who he be . " " you what ? " Hagrid look shocked . " listen here -- I have tell yeh -- drop it . it be nothin ' to you what that dog 's guardin ' . " " we just want to know who Nicolas Flamel be , that be all , " say Hermione . " unless you will like to tell us and save us the trouble ? " Harry add . " we must have be through hundred of book already and we ca n't find him anywhere -- just give us a hint -- I know I have read his name somewhere . " " I be sayin ' nothin ' , say Hagrid flatly . " just have to find out for ourselves , then , " say Ron , and they leave Hagrid look disgruntled and hurry off to the library . they have indeed be search book for Flamel 's name ever since Hagrid have let it slip , because how else be they go to find out what Snape be try to steal ? the trouble be , it be very hard to know where to begin , not know what Flamel might have do to get himself into a book . he be n't in great wizard of the Twentieth Century , or Notable Magical Names of Our Time ; he be miss , too , from important Modern Magical Discoveries , and a study of Recent development in Wizardry . and then , of course , there be the sheer size of the library ; ten of thousand of book ; thousand of shelf ; hundred of narrow row . Hermione take out a list of subject and title she have decide to search while Ron stride off down a row of book and start pull them off the shelf at random . Harry wander over to the restricted section . he have be wonder for a while if Flamel be n't somewhere in there . unfortunately , you need a specially sign note from one of the teacher to look in any of the restricted book , and he know he will never get one . these be the book contain powerful Dark Magic never teach at Hogwarts , and only read by old student study advanced defense against the Dark Arts . " what be you look for , boy ? " " nothing , " say Harry . madam Pince the librarian brandish a feather duster at him . " you will well get out , then . go on -- out ! " wish he have be a bit quicker at think up some story , Harry leave the library . he , Ron , and Hermione have already agree they will well not ask Madam Pince where they could find Flamel . they be sure she will be able to tell them , but they could n't risk Snape hearing what they be up to . Harry wait outside in the corridor to see if the other two have find anything , but he be n't very hopeful . they have be look for two week , after a , but as they only have odd moment between lesson it be n't surprising they have find nothing . what they really need be a nice long search without Madam Pince breathe down their neck . five minute later , Ron and Hermione join him , shake their head . they go off to lunch . " you will keep look while I be away , wo n't you ? " say Hermione . " and send me an owl if you find anything . " " and you could ask your parent if they know who Flamel be , " say Ron . " it will be safe to ask them . " " very safe , as they be both dentist , " say Hermione . once the holiday have start , Ron and Harry be have too good a time to think much about Flamel . they have the dormitory to themselves and the common room be far empty than usual , so they be able to get the good armchair by the fire . they sit by the hour eat anything they could spear on a toast fork -- bread , English muffin , marshmallow -- and plot way of get Malfoy expel , which be fun to talk about even if they would n't work . Ron also start teach Harry wizard chess . this be exactly like Muggle chess except that the figure be alive , which make it a lot like direct troop in battle . Ron 's set be very old and batter . like everything else he own , it have once belong to someone else in his family -- in this case , his grandfather . however , old chessman be n't a drawback at all . Ron know them so well he never have trouble get them to do what he want . Harry play with chessman Seamus Finnigan have lend him , and they do n't trust him at all . he be n't a very good player yet and they keep shout different bit of advice at him , which be confusing . " do n't send me there , ca n't you see his knight ? send him , we can afford to lose him . " on Christmas Eve , Harry go to bed look forward to the next day for the food and the fun , but not expect any present at all . when he wake early in the morning , however , the first thing he see be a small pile of package at the foot of his bed . " Merry Christmas , " say Ron sleepily as Harry scramble out of bed and pull on his bathrobe . " you , too , " say Harry . " will you look at this ? I have get some present ! " " what do you expect , turnip ? " say Ron , turn to his own pile , which be a lot big than Harry 's . Harry pick up the top parcel . it be wrap in thick brown paper and scrawl across it be to Harry , from Hagrid . inside be a roughly cut wooden flute . Hagrid have obviously whittle it himself . Harry blow it -- it sound a bit like an owl . a second , very small parcel contain a note . we receive your message and enclose your Christmas present . from Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia . tape to the note be a fifty-pence piece . " that be friendly , " say Harry . Ron be fascinate by the fifty pence . " weird ! " he say , ' what a shape ! this be money ? " " you can keep it , " say Harry , laugh at how pleased Ron be . " Hagrid and my aunt and uncle -- so who send these ? " " I think I know who that one be from , " say Ron , turn a bit pink and point to a very lumpy parcel . " my mom . I tell her you do n't expect any present and -- oh , no , " he groan , " she have make you a Weasley sweater . " Harry have tear open the parcel to find a thick , hand-knit sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge . " every year she make us a sweater , " say Ron , unwrap his own , " and mine be always maroon . " " that be really nice of her , " say Harry , try the fudge , which be very tasty . his next present also contain candy -- a large box of Chocolate Frogs from Hermione . this only leave one parcel . Harry pick it up and feel it . it be very light . he unwrap it . something fluid and silvery gray go slither to the floor where it lie in gleam fold . Ron gasp . " I have hear of those , " he say in a hush voice , drop the box of Every Flavor Beans he have get from Hermione . " if that be what I think it be -- they be really rare , and really valuable . " " what be it ? " Harry pick the shine , silvery cloth off the floor . it be strange to the touch , like water weave into material . " it be an invisibility cloak , " say Ron , a look of awe on his face . " I be sure it be -- try it on . " Harry throw the cloak around his shoulder and Ron give a yell . " it be ! look down ! " Harry look down at his foot , but they be go . he dash to the mirror . sure enough , his reflection look back at him , just his head suspend in midair , his body completely invisible . he pull the cloak over his head and his reflection vanish completely . " there be a note ! " say Ron suddenly . " a note fall out of it ! " Harry pull off the cloak and seize the letter . write in narrow , loopy writing he have never see before be the follow word : your father leave this in my possession before he die . it be time it be return to you . use it well . a Very merry Christmas to you . there be no signature . Harry stare at the note . Ron be admire the cloak . " I will give anything for one of these , " he say . " anything . what be the matter ? " " nothing , " say Harry . he feel very strange . who have send the cloak ? have it really once belong to his father ? before he could say or think anything else , the dormitory door be fling open and Fred and George Weasley bound in . Harry stuff the cloak quickly out of sight . he do n't feel like share it with anyone else yet . " Merry Christmas ! " " hey , look -- Harry 's get a Weasley sweater , too ! " Fred and George be wear blue sweater , one with a large yellow F on it , the other a G. " Harry 's be good than ours , though , " say Fred , hold up Harry 's sweater . " she obviously make more of an effort if you be not family . " " why be n't you wear yours , Ron ? " George demand . " come on , get it on , they be lovely and warm . " " I hate maroon , " Ron moan halfheartedly as he pull it over his head . " you have n't get a letter on yours , " George observe . " I suppose she think you do n't forget your name . but we be not stupid -- we know we be call Gred and Forge . " " what be all this noise ? " Percy Weasley stick his head through the door , look disapprove . he have clearly get halfway through unwrap his present as he , too , carry a lumpy sweater over his arm , which Fred seize . " P for prefect ! get it on , Percy , come on , we be all wear ours , even Harry get one . " " I -- do n't -- want - " say Percy thickly , as the twin force the sweater over his head , knock his glass askew . " and you be not sit with the prefect today , either , " say George . " Christmas be a time for family . " they frog-marched Percy from the room , his arm pin to his side by his sweater . Harry have never in all his life have such a Christmas dinner . a hundred fat , roast turkey ; mountain of roast and boil potato ; platter of chipolata ; tureen of butter pea , silver boat of thick , rich gravy and cranberry sauce - and stack of wizard cracker every few foot along the table . these fantastic party favors be nothing like the feeble Muggle one the Dursley usually buy , with their little plastic toy and their flimsy paper hat inside . Harry pull a wizard cracker with Fred and it do n't just bang , it go off with a blast like a cannon and engulf them all in a cloud of blue smoke , while from the inside explode a rear admiral 's hat and several live , white mouse . up at the High Table , Dumbledore have swap his pointed wizard 's hat for a flowered bonnet , and be chuckle merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick have just read him . Flaming Christmas pudding follow the turkey . Percy nearly break his tooth on a silver sickle embed in his slice . Harry watch Hagrid get red and red in the face as he call for more wine , finally kiss Professor McGonagall on the cheek , who , to Harry 's amazement , giggle and blush , her top hat lopsided . when Harry finally leave the table , he be lade down with a stack of thing out of the cracker , include a pack of nonexplodable , luminous balloon , a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit , and his own new wizard chess set . the white mouse have disappear and Harry have a nasty feeling they be go to end up as Mrs. Norris 's Christmas dinner . Harry and the Weasleys spend a happy afternoon have a furious snowball fight on the ground . then , cold , wet , and gasp for breath , they return to the fire in the Gryffindor common room , where Harry break in his new chess set by lose spectacularly to Ron . he suspect he would n't have lose so badly if Percy have n't try to help him so much . after a meal of turkey sandwich , crumpet , trifle , and Christmas cake , everyone feel too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and watch Percy chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor tower because they have steal his prefect badge . it have be Harry 's good Christmas day ever . yet something have be nag at the back of his mind all day . not until he climb into bed be he free to think about it : the invisibility cloak and whoever have send it . Ron , full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him , fall asleep almost as soon as he have draw the curtain of his four-poster . Harry lean over the side of his own bed and pull the cloak out from under it . his father be ... this have be his father 's . he let the material flow over his hand , smooth than silk , light as air . use it well , the note have say . he have to try it , now . he slip out of bed and wrap the cloak around himself . look down at his leg , he see only moonlight and shadow . it be a very funny feeling . use it well . suddenly , Harry feel wide-awake . the whole of Hogwarts be open to him in this cloak . excitement flood through him as he stand there in the dark and silence . he could go anywhere in this , anywhere , and Filch would never know . Ron grunt in his sleep . should Harry wake him ? something hold him back -- his father 's cloak -- he feel that this time -- the first time -- he want to use it alone . he creep out of the dormitory , down the stair , across the common room , and climb through the portrait hole . " who be there ? " squawk the Fat Lady . Harry say nothing . he walk quickly down the corridor . where should he go ? he stop , his heart racing , and think . and then it come to him . the restricted section in the library . he will be able to read as long as he like , as long as it take to find out who Flamel be . he set off , draw the invisibility cloak tight around him as he walk . the library be pitch-black and very eerie . Harry light a lamp to see his way along the row of book . the lamp look as if it be float along in midair , and even though Harry could feel his arm support it , the sight give him the creeps . the restricted section be right at the back of the library . step carefully over the rope that separate these book from the rest of the library , he hold up his lamp to read the title . they do n't tell him much . their peeling , fade gold letter spell word in language Harry could n't understand . some have no title at all . one book have a dark stain on it that look horribly like blood . the hair on the back of Harry 's neck prickle . maybe he be imagine it , maybe not , but he think a faint whispering be come from the book , as though they know someone be there who should n't be . he have to start somewhere . set the lamp down carefully on the floor , he look along the bottom shelf for an interesting look book . a large black and silver volume catch his eye . he pull it out with difficulty , because it be very heavy , and , balance it on his knee , let it fall open . a piercing , bloodcurdling shriek split the silence -- the book be scream ! Harry snap it shut , but the shriek go on and on , one high , unbroken , earsplitting note . he stumble backward and knock over his lamp , which go out at once . panick , he hear footstep come down the corridor outside -- stuff the shriek book back on the shelf , he run for it . he pass Filch in the doorway ; Filch 's pale , wild eye look straight through him , and Harry slip under Filch 's outstretch arm and streak off up the corridor , the book 's shriek still ring in his ear . he come to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor . he have be so busy get away from the library , he have n't pay attention to where he be go . perhaps because it be dark , he do n't recognize where he be at all . there be a suit of armor near the kitchen , he know , but he must be five floor above there . " you ask me to come directly to you , Professor , if anyone be wander around at night , and somebody have be in the library restricted section . " Harry feel the blood drain out of his face . wherever he be , Filch must know a shortcut , because his soft , greasy voice be get near , and to his horror , it be Snape who reply , " the restricted section ? well , they ca n't be far , we will catch them . " Harry stand root to the spot as Filch and Snape come around the corner ahead . they could n't see him , of course , but it be a narrow corridor and if they come much near they will knock right into him -- the cloak do n't stop him from be solid . he back away as quietly as he could . a door stand ajar to his left . it be his only hope . he squeeze through it , hold his breath , try not to move it , and to his relief he manage to get inside the room without their notice anything . they walk straight past , and Harry lean against the wall , breathe deeply , listen to their footstep die away . that have be close , very close . it be a few second before he notice anything about the room he have hide in . it look like an unused classroom . the dark shape of desk and chair be pile against the wall , and there be an upturn wastepaper basket - but prop against the wall face him be something that do n't look as if it belong there , something that look as if someone have just put it there to keep it out of the way . it be a magnificent mirror , as high as the ceiling , with an ornate gold frame , stand on two claw foot . there be an inscription carve around the top : Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi . his panic fade now that there be no sound of Filch and Snape , Harry move near to the mirror , want to look at himself but see no reflection again . he step in front of it . he have to clap his hand to his mouth to stop himself from scream . he whirl around . his heart be pound far more furiously than when the book have scream -- for he have see not only himself in the mirror , but a whole crowd of people stand right behind him . but the room be empty . breathe very fast , he turn slowly back to the mirror . there he be , reflect in it , white and scared-looking , and there , reflect behind him , be at least ten other . Harry look over his shoulder -- but still , no one be there . or be they all invisible , too ? be he in fact in a room full of invisible people and this mirror 's trick be that it reflect them , invisible or not ? he look in the mirror again . a woman stand right behind his reflection be smile at him and wave . he reach out a hand and feel the air behind him . if she be really there , he will touch her , their reflection be so close together , but he feel only air - she and the other exist only in the mirror . she be a very pretty woman . she have dark red hair and her eye -- her eye be just like mine , Harry think , edge a little close to the glass . bright green -- exactly the same shape , but then he notice that she be cry ; smile , but cry at the same time . the tall , thin , black-haired man stand next to her put his arm around her . he wear glass , and his hair be very untidy . it stick up at the back , just as Harry 's do . Harry be so close to the mirror now that his nose be nearly touch that of his reflection . " mom ? " he whisper . " Dad ? " they just look at him , smile . and slowly , Harry look into the face of the other people in the mirror , and see other pair of green eye like his , other nose like his , even a little old man who look as though he have Harry 's knobbly knee -- Harry be look at his family , for the first time in his life . the Potters smile and wave at Harry and he stare hungrily back at them , his hand press flat against the glass as though he be hope to fall right through it and reach them . he have a powerful kind of ache inside him , half joy , half terrible sadness . how long he stand there , he do n't know . the reflection do not fade and he look and look until a distant noise bring him back to his sense . he could n't stay here , he have to find his way back to bed . he tear his eye away from his mother 's face , whisper , " I will come back , " and hurry from the room . " you could have wake me up , " say Ron , crossly . " you can come tonight , I be go back , I want to show you the mirror . " " I will like to see your mom and dad , " Ron say eagerly . " and I want to see all your family , all the Weasleys , you will be able to show me your other brother and everyone . " " you can see them any old time , " say Ron . " just come around my house this summer . anyway , maybe it only show dead people . shame about not find Flamel , though . have some bacon or something , why be n't you eat anything ? " Harry could n't eat . he have see his parent and would be see them again tonight . he have almost forget about Flamel . it do n't seem very important anymore . who care what the three head dog be guard ? what do it matter if Snape steal it , really ? " be you all right ? " say Ron . " you look odd . " what Harry fear most be that he might not be able to find the mirror room again . with Ron cover in the cloak , too , they have to walk much more slowly the next night . they try retrace Harry 's route from the library , wander around the dark passageway for nearly an hour . " I be freeze , " say Ron . " let be forget it and go back . " " no ! " Harry hiss . " I know it be here somewhere . " they pass the ghost of a tall witch glide in the opposite direction , but see no one else . just as Ron start moan that his foot be dead with cold , Harry spot the suit of armor . " it be here -- just here -- yes ! " they push the door open . Harry drop the cloak from around his shoulder and run to the mirror . there they be . his mother and father beam at the sight of him . " see ? " Harry whisper . " I ca n't see anything . " " look ! look at them all ... there be load of them ... " " I can only see you . " " look in it properly , go on , stand where I be . " Harry step aside , but with Ron in front of the mirror , he could n't see his family anymore , just Ron in his paisley pajamas . Ron , though , be stare transfix at his image . " look at me ! " he say . " can you see all your family standing around you ? " " no -- I be alone -- but I be different -- I look old -- and I be head boy ! " " what ? " " I be -- I be wear the badge like Bill use to -- and I be hold the house cup and the Quidditch cup -- I be Quidditch captain , too . " Ron tear his eye away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at Harry . " do you think this mirror show the future ? " " how can it ? all my family be dead -- let me have another look - " " you have it to yourself all last night , give me a bit more time . " " you be only hold the Quidditch cup , what be interesting about that ? I want to see my parent . " " do n't push me - " a sudden noise outside in the corridor put an end to their discussion . they have n't realize how loudly they have be talk . " quick ! " Ron throw the cloak back over them as the luminous eye of Mrs. Norris come around the door . Ron and Harry stand quite still , both think the same thing -- do the cloak work on cat ? after what seem an age , she turn and leave . " this be n't safe -- she might have go for Filch , I bet she hear us . come on . " and Ron pull Harry out of the room . the snow still have n't melt the next morning . " want to play chess , Harry ? " say Ron . " No. " " why do n't we go down and visit Hagrid ? " " no ... you go ... " " I know what you be think about , Harry , that mirror . do n't go back tonight . " " why not ? " " I dunno , I have just get a bad feeling about it -- and anyway , you have have too many close shave already . filch , Snape , and Mrs. Norris be wander around . so what if they ca n't see you ? what if they walk into you ? what if you knock something over ? " " you sound like Hermione . " " I be serious , Harry , do n't go . " but Harry only have one thought in his head , which be to get back in front of the mirror , and Ron be n't go to stop him . that third night he find his way more quickly than before . he be walk so fast he know he be make more noise than be wise , but he do n't meet anyone . and there be his mother and father smile at him again , and one of his grandfather nod happily . Harry sink down to sit on the floor in front of the mirror . there be nothing to stop him from stay here all night with his family . nothing at all . except - " so -- back again , Harry ? " Harry feel as though his inside have turn to ice . he look behind him . sit on one of the desk by the wall be none other than Albus Dumbledore . Harry must have walk straight past him , so desperate to get to the mirror he have n't notice him . " I -- I do n't see you , sir . " " strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you , " say Dumbledore , and Harry be relieve to see that he be smile . " so , " say Dumbledore , slip off the desk to sit on the floor with Harry , " you , like hundred before you , have discover the delight of the Mirror of Erised . " " I do n't know it be call that , Sir . " " but I expect you have realize by now what it do ? " " it -- well -- it show me my family - " " and it show your friend Ron himself as head boy . " " how do you know - ? " " I do n't need a cloak to become invisible , " say Dumbledore gently . " now , can you think what the Mirror of Erised show us all ? " Harry shake his head . " let me explain . the happy man on earth would be able to use the Mirror of Erised like a normal mirror , that be , he would look into it and see himself exactly as he be . do that help ? " Harry think . then he say slowly , " it show us what we want ... whatever we want ... " " Yes and no , " say Dumbledore quietly . " it show us nothing more or less than the deep , most desperate desire of our heart . you , who have never know your family , see them stand around you . Ronald Weasley , who have always be overshadow by his brother , see himself stand alone , the good of all of them . however , this mirror will give us neither knowledge or truth . man have waste away before it , entrance by what they have see , or be drive mad , not know if what it show be real or even possible . " the Mirror will be move to a new home tomorrow , Harry , and I ask you not to go look for it again . if you ever do run across it , you will now be prepare . it do not do to dwell on dream and forget to live , remember that . now , why do n't you put that admirable cloak back on and get off to bed ? " Harry stand up . " Sir -- Professor Dumbledore ? can I ask you something ? " " obviously , you have just do so , " Dumbledore smile . " you may ask me one more thing , however . " " what do you see when you look in the mirror ? " " I ? I see myself hold a pair of thick , woolen sock . " Harry stare . " one can never have enough sock , " say Dumbledore . " another Christmas have come and go and I do n't get a single pair . people will insist on give me book . " it be only when he be back in bed that it strike Harry that Dumbledore might not have be quite truthful . but then , he think , as he shove Scabbers off his pillow , it have be quite a personal question . chapter THIRTEEN Nicholas Flamel Dumbledore have convince Harry not to go look for the Mirror of Erised again , and for the rest of the Christmas holiday the invisibility cloak stay fold at the bottom of his trunk . Harry wish he could forget what he have see in the mirror as easily , but he could n't . he start have nightmare . over and over again he dream about his parent disappear in a flash of green light , while a high voice cackle with laughter . " you see , Dumbledore be right , that mirror could drive you mad , " say Ron , when Harry tell him about these dream . Hermione , who come back the day before term start , take a different view of thing . she be tear between horror at the idea of Harry be out of bed , roam the school three night in a row ( " if Filch have catch you ! " ) , and disappointment that he have n't at least find out who Nicolas Flamel be . they have almost give up hope of ever find Flamel in a library book , even though Harry be still sure he will read the name somewhere . once term have start , they be back to skim through book for ten minute during their break . Harry have even less time than the other two , because Quidditch practice have start again . wood be work the team harder than ever . even the endless rain that have replace the snow could n't dampen his spirit . the Weasleys complain that Wood be become a fanatic , but Harry be on Wood 's side . if they win their next match , against Hufflepuff , they would overtake Slytherin in the house championship for the first time in seven year . quite apart from want to win , Harry find that he have few nightmare when he be tire out after training . then , during one particularly wet and muddy practice session , Wood give the team a bit of bad news . he have just get very angry with the Weasleys , who keep dive-bomb each other and pretend to fall off their broom . " will you stop mess around ! " he yell . " that be exactly the sort of thing that will lose us the match ! Snape be referee this time , and he will be look for any excuse to knock point off Gryffindor ! " George Weasley really do fall off his broom at these word . " Snape be referee ? " he splutter through a mouthful of mud . " when be he ever referee a Quidditch match ? he be not go to be fair if we might overtake Slytherin . " the rest of the team land next to George to complain , too . " it be not my fault , " say Wood . " we have just get to make sure we play a clean game , so Snape have n't get an excuse to pick on us . " which be all very well , think Harry , but he have another reason for not want Snape near him while he be play Quidditch ... the rest of the team hang back to talk to one another as usual at the end of practice , but Harry head straight back to the Gryffindor common room , where he find Ron and Hermione playing chess . chess be the only thing Hermione ever lose at , something Harry and Ron think be very good for her . " do n't talk to me for a moment , " say Ron when Harry sit down next to him , " I need to concen - " he catch sight of Harry 's face . " what be the matter with you ? you look terrible . " speak quietly so that no one else would hear , Harry tell the other two about Snape 's sudden , sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee . " do n't play , " say Hermione at once . " say you be ill , " say Ron . " pretend to break your leg , " Hermione suggest . " really break your leg , " say Ron . " I ca n't , " say Harry . " there be n't a reserve seeker . if I back out , Gryffindor ca n't play at all . " at that moment Neville topple into the common room . how he have manage to climb through the portrait hole be anyone 's guess , because his leg have be stick together with what they recognize at once as the Leg-Locker Curse . he must have have to bunny hop all the way up to Gryffindor tower . everyone fall over laugh except Hermione , who leap up and perform the countercurse . Neville 's leg spring apart and he get to his foot , tremble . " what happen ? " Hermione ask him , lead him over to sit with Harry and Ron . " Malfoy , " say Neville shakily . " I meet him outside the library . he say he have be look for someone to practice that on . " " go to Professor McGonagall ! " Hermione urge Neville . " report him ! " Neville shake his head . " I do n't want more trouble , " he mumble . " you have get to stand up to him , Neville ! " say Ron . " he be use to walk all over people , but that be no reason to lie down in front of him and make it easy . " " there be no need to tell me I be not brave enough to be in Gryffindor , Malfoy 's already do that , " Neville choke out . Harry feel in the pocket of his robe and pull out a Chocolate Frog , the very last one from the box Hermione have give him for Christmas . he give it to Neville , who look as though he might cry . " you be worth twelve of Malfoy , " Harry say . " the Sorting Hat choose you for Gryffindor , do n't it ? and where be Malfoy ? in stinking Slytherin . " Neville 's lip twitch in a weak smile as he unwrap the frog . " thanks , Harry ... I think I will go to bed ... D'you want the card , you collect them , do n't you ? " as Neville walk away , Harry look at the Famous Wizard card . " Dumbledore again , " he say , " he be the first one I ever - " he gasp . he stare at the back of the card . then he look up at Ron and Hermione . " I have find him ! " he whisper . " I have find Flamel ! I tell you I will read the name somewhere before , I read it on the train come here -- listen to this : ' Dumbledore be particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in @card@ , for the discovery of the twelve use of dragon 's blood , and his work on alchemy with his partner , Nicolas Flamel ' ! " Hermione jump to her foot . she have n't look so excited since they have get back the mark for their very first piece of homework . " stay there ! " she say , and she sprint up the stair to the girl ' dormitory . Harry and Ron barely have time to exchange mystify look before she be dash back , an enormous old book in her arm . " I never think to look in here ! " she whisper excitedly . " I get this out of the library week ago for a bit of light reading . " " light ? " say Ron , but Hermione tell him to be quiet until she have look something up , and start flick frantically through the page , mutter to herself . at last she find what she be look for . " I know it ! I know it ! " " be we allow to speak yet ? " say Ron grumpily . Hermione ignore him . " Nicolas Flamel , " she whisper dramatically , " be the only know maker of the Sorcerer 's Stone ! " this do n't have quite the effect she have expect . " the what ? " say Harry and Ron . " oh , honestly , do n't you two read ? look - read that , there . " she push the book toward them , and Harry and Ron read : the ancient study of alchemy be concern with make the Sorcerer 's Stone , a legendary substance with astonishing power . the stone will transform any metal into pure gold . it also produce the Elixir of Life , which will make the drinker immortal . there have be many report of the Sorcerer 's Stone over the century , but the only Stone currently in existence belong to Mr. Nicolas Flamel , the noted alchemist and opera lover . Mr. Flamel , who celebrate his six hundred and sixty-fifth birthday last year , enjoy a quiet life in Devon with his wife , Perenelle ( six hundred and Fifty-eight ) . " see ? " say Hermione , when Harry and Ron have finish . " the dog must be guard Flamel 's Sorcerer 's Stone ! I bet he ask Dumbledore to keep it safe for him , because they be friend and he know someone be after it , that be why he want the Stone move out of Gringotts ! " " a stone that make gold and stop you from ever die ! " say Harry . " no wonder Snape 's after it ! anyone would want it . " " and no wonder we could n't find Flamel in that study of Recent development in wizardry , " say Ron . " he be not exactly recent if he be six hundred and sixty-five , be he ? " the next morning in Defense against the Dark Arts , while copy down different way of treat werewolf bite , Harry and Ron be still discuss what they will do with a Sorcerer 's Stone if they have one . it be n't until Ron say he will buy his own Quidditch team that Harry remember about Snape and the come match . " I be go to play , " he tell Ron and Hermione . " if I do n't , all the Slytherins will think I be just too scare to face Snape . I will show them ... it will really wipe the smile off their face if we win . " " just as long as we be not wipe you off the field , " say Hermione . as the match draw near , however , Harry become more and more nervous , whatever he tell Ron and Hermione . the rest of the team be n't too calm , either . the idea of overtake Slytherin in the house championship be wonderful , no one have do it for seven year , but would they be allow to , with such a bias referee ? Harry do n't know whether he be imagine it or not , but he seem to keep run into Snape wherever he go . at time , he even wonder whether Snape be follow him , try to catch him on his own . potion lesson be turn into a sort of weekly torture , Snape be so horrible to Harry . could Snape possibly know they have find out about the Sorcerer 's Stone ? Harry do n't see how he could -- yet he sometimes have the horrible feeling that Snape could read mind . Harry know , when they wish him good luck outside the locker room the next afternoon , that Ron and Hermione be wonder whether they will ever see him alive again . this be n't what you will call comforting . Harry hardly hear a word of Wood 's pep talk as he pull on his Quidditch robe and pick up his Nimbus Two Thousand . Ron and Hermione , meanwhile , have find a place in the stand next to Neville , who could n't understand why they look so grim and worried , or why they have both bring their wand to the match . Little do Harry know that Ron and Hermione have be secretly practice the LegLocker Curse . they have get the idea from Malfoy use it on Neville , and be ready to use it on Snape if he show any sign of want to hurt Harry . " now , do n't forget , it be Locomotor Mortis , " Hermione mutter as Ron slip his wand up his sleeve . " I know , " Ron snap . " do n't nag . " back in the locker room , Wood have take Harry aside . " do n't want to pressure you , Potter , but if we ever need an early capture of the Snitch it be now . finish the game before Snape can favor Hufflepuff too much . " " the whole school be out there ! " say Fred Weasley , peer out of the door . " even -- blimey -- Dumbledore be come to watch ! " Harry 's heart do a somersault . " Dumbledore ? " he say , dash to the door to make sure . Fred be right . there be no mistake that silver beard . Harry could have laugh out loud with relief , he be safe . there be simply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore be watch . perhaps that be why Snape be look so angry as the team march onto the field , something that Ron notice , too . " I have never see Snape look so mean , " he tell Hermione . " look -- they be off . Ouch ! " someone have poke Ron in the back of the head . it be Malfoy . " oh , sorry , Weasley , do n't see you there . " Malfoy grin broadly at Crabbe and Goyle . " wonder how long Potter be go to stay on his broom this time ? anyone want a bet ? what about you , Weasley ? " Ron do n't answer ; Snape have just award Hufflepuff a penalty because George Weasley have hit a Bludger at him . Hermione , who have all her finger cross in her lap , be squint fixedly at Harry , who be circle the game like a hawk , look for the Snitch . " you know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team ? " say Malfoy loudly a few minute later , as Snape award Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all . " it be people they feel sorry for . see , there be Potter , who have get no parent , then there be the Weasleys , who have get no money -- you should be on the team , Longbottom , you have get no brain . " Neville go bright red but turn in his seat to face Malfoy . " I be worth twelve of you , Malfoy , " he stammer . Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle howl with laughter , but Ron , still not daring to take his eye from the game , say , " you tell him , Neville . " " Longbottom , if brain be gold you will be poor than Weasley , and that be say something . " Ron 's nerve be already stretch to the break point with anxiety about Harry . " I be warn you , Malfoy -- one more word - " " Ron ! " say Hermione suddenly , " Harry - " " what ? where ? " Harry have suddenly go into a spectacular dive , which draw gasp and cheer from the crowd . Hermione stand up , her cross finger in her mouth , as Harry streak toward the ground like a bullet . " you be in luck , Weasley , Potter 's obviously spot some money on the ground ! " say Malfoy . Ron snap . before Malfoy know what be happen , Ron be on top of him , wrestle him to the ground . Neville hesitate , then clamber over the back of his seat to help . " come on , Harry ! " Hermione scream , leap onto her seat to watch as Harry speed straight at Snape -- she do n't even notice Malfoy and Ron roll around under her seat , or the scuffle and yelp come from the whirl of fist that be Neville , Crabbe , and Goyle . up in the air , Snape turn on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him , miss him by inch -- the next second , Harry have pull out of the dive , his arm raise in triumph , the Snitch clasp in his hand . the stand erupt ; it have to be a record , no one could ever remember the Snitch be catch so quickly . " Ron ! Ron ! where be you ? the game be over ! Harry 's won ! we have win ! Gryffindor be in the lead ! " shriek Hermione , dance up and down on her seat and hug Parvati Patil in the row in front . Harry jump off his broom , a foot from the ground . he could n't believe it . he have do it -- the game be over ; it have barely last five minute . as Gryffindors come spill onto the field , he see Snape land nearby , white-faced and tight-lipped -- then Harry feel a hand on his shoulder and look up into Dumbledore 's smile face . " well do , " say Dumbledore quietly , so that only Harry could hear . " nice to see you have n't be brood about that mirror ... be keep busy ... excellent ... " Snape spit bitterly on the ground . Harry leave the locker room alone some time later , to take his Nimbus Two Thousand back to the broomshed . he could n't ever remember feel happy . he have really do something to be proud of now - no one could say he be just a famous name any more . the evening air have never smell so sweet . he walk over the damp grass , relive the last hour in his head , which be a happy blur : Gryffindors run to lift him onto their shoulder ; Ron and Hermione in the distance , jump up and down , Ron cheer through a heavy nosebleed . Harry have reach the shed . he lean against the wooden door and look up at Hogwarts , with its window glow red in the set sun . Gryffindor in the lead . he have do it , he have show Snape ... and speak of Snape ... a hooded figure come swiftly down the front step of the castle . clearly not want to be see , it walk as fast as possible toward the forbidden forest . Harry 's victory fade from his mind as he watch . he recognize the figure 's prowl walk . Snape , sneak into the forest while everyone else be at dinner -- what be go on ? Harry jump back on his Nimbus Two Thousand and take off . glide silently over the castle he see Snape enter the forest at a run . he follow . the tree be so thick he could n't see where Snape have go . he fly in circle , low and low , brush the top branch of tree until he hear voice . he glide toward them and land noiselessly in a towering beech tree . he climb carefully along one of the branch , hold tight to his broomstick , try to see through the leaf . below , in a shadowy clearing , stand Snape , but he be n't alone . Quirrell be there , too . Harry could n't make out the look on his face , but he be stutter bad than ever . Harry strain to catch what they be say . " ... d-do n't know why you want t-t-to meet here of all p-places , Severus ... " " oh , I think we will keep this private , " say Snape , his voice icy . " student be n't suppose to know about the Sorcerer 's Stone , after all . " Harry lean forward . Quirrell be mumble something . Snape interrupt him . " have you find out how to get past that beast of Hagrid 's yet ? " " B-b-but Severus , I - " " you do n't want me as your enemy , Quirrell , " say Snape , take a step toward him . " I-I do n't know what you - " " you know perfectly well what I mean . " an owl hoot loudly , and Harry nearly fall out of the tree . he steady himself in time to hear Snape say , " - your little bit of hocus-pocus . I be wait . " " B-but I d-d-do n't - " " Very well , " Snape cut in . " we will have another little chat soon , when you have have time to think thing over and decide where your loyalty lie . " he throw his cloak over his head and stride out of the clearing . it be almost dark now , but Harry could see Quirrell , stand quite still as though he be petrify . " Harry , where have you be ? " Hermione squeak . " we win ! you win ! we win ! " shout Ron , thump Harry on the back . " and I give Malfoy a black eye , and Neville try to take on Crabbe and Goyle single-handed ! he be still out cold but Madam Pomfrey say he will be all right -- talk about show Slytherin ! everyone be wait for you in the common room , we be have a party , Fred and George steal some cake and stuff from the kitchen . " " never mind that now , " say Harry breathlessly . " let be find an empty room , you wait ' til you hear this ... " he make sure Peeves be n't inside before shut the door behind them , then he tell them what he have see and hear . " so we be right , it be the Sorcerer 's Stone , and Snape be try to force Quirrell to help him get it . he ask if he know how to get past Fluffy -- and he say something about Quirrell 's ' hocus pocus ' -- I reckon there be other thing guard the stone apart from Fluffy , load of enchantment , probably , and Quirrell would have do some anti-Dark art spell that Snape need to break through - " " so you mean the Stone 's only safe as long as Quirrell stand up to Snape ? " say Hermione in alarm . " it will be go by next Tuesday , " say Ron . chapter FOURTEEN Norbert the Norwegian Ridgeback Quirrell , however , must have be brave than they have think . in the week that follow he do seem to be get pale and thin , but it do n't look as though he have crack yet . every time they pass the third-floor corridor , Harry , Ron , and Hermione would press their ear to the door to check that Fluffy be still growl inside . Snape be sweep about in his usual bad temper , which surely mean that the Stone be still safe . whenever Harry pass Quirrell these day he give him an encouraging sort of smile , and Ron have start tell people off for laugh at Quirrell 's stutter . Hermione , however , have more on her mind than the Sorcerer 's Stone . she have start draw up study schedule and color code all her note . Harry and Ron would n't have mind , but she keep nag them to do the same . " Hermione , the exam be age away . " " ten week , " Hermione snap . " that be not age , that be like a second to Nicolas Flamel . " " but we be not six hundred year old , " Ron remind her . " anyway , what be you study for , you already know it be an A. " " what be I study for ? be you crazy ? you realize we need to pass these exam to get into the second year ? they be very important , I should have start study a month ago , I do n't know what be get into me ... " unfortunately , the teacher seem to be think along the same line as Hermione . they pile so much homework on them that the Easter holiday be n't nearly as much fun as the Christmas one . it be hard to relax with Hermione next to you recite the twelve use of dragon 's blood or practice wand movement . moan and yawn , Harry and Ron spend most of their free time in the library with her , try to get through all their extra work . " I will never remember this , " Ron burst out one afternoon , throw down his quill and look longingly out of the library window . it be the first really fine day they have have in month . the sky be a clear , forget-me-not blue , and there be a feeling in the air of summer come . Harry , who be look up " Dittany " in one Thousand Magical Herb and Fungi , do n't look up until he hear Ron say , " Hagrid ! what be you do in the library ? " Hagrid shuffle into view , hide something behind his back . he look very out of place in his moleskin overcoat . " jus ' lookin ' , " he say , in a shifty voice that get their interest at once . " an ' what be you lot up ter ? " he look suddenly suspicious . " Yer not still lookin ' fer Nicolas Flamel , be yeh ? " " oh , we find out who he be age ago , " say Ron impressively . " and we know what that dog be guard , it be a Sorcerer 's St - " " Shhhh ! " Hagrid look around quickly to see if anyone be listen . " Don ' go shoutin ' about it , what be the matter with Yeh ? " " there be a few thing we want to ask you , as a matter of fact , " say Harry , " about what be guard the Stone apart from Fluffy - " " SHHHH ! " say Hagrid again . " listen -- come an ' see me later , I be not promisin ' I will tell yeh anythin ' , mind , but don ' go rabbitin ' about it in here , student aren ' s'pposed ter know . they will think I have tell yeh - " " see you later , then , " say Harry . Hagrid shuffle off . " what be he hide behind his back ? " say Hermione thoughtfully . " do you think it have anything to do with the Stone ? " " I be go to see what section he be in , " say Ron , who have have enough of work . he come back a minute later with a pile of book in his arm and slam them down on the table . " dragon ! " he whisper . " Hagrid be look up stuff about dragon ! look at these : Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland ; from Egg to Inferno , a Dragon Keeper 's Guide . " " Hagrid 's always want a dragon , he tell me so the first time I ever meet him , " say Harry . " but it be against our law , " say Ron . " Dragon breeding be outlaw by the Warlocks ' convention of @card@ , everyone know that . it be hard to stop Muggles from notice us if we be keep dragon in the back garden -- anyway , you ca n't tame dragon , it be dangerous . you should see the burn Charlie be get off wild one in Romania . " " but there be n't wild dragon in Britain ? " say Harry . " of course there be , " say Ron . " Common Welsh Green and Hebridean black . the Ministry of Magic have a job hush them up , I can tell you . our kind have to keep put spell on Muggles who have spot them , to make them forget . " " so what on earth 's Hagrid up to ? " say Hermione . when they knock on the door of the gamekeeper 's hut an hour later , they be surprise to see that all the curtain be close . Hagrid call " who be it ? " before he let them in , and then shut the door quickly behind them . it be stifle hot inside . even though it be such a warm day , there be a blaze fire in the grate . Hagrid make them tea and offer them stoat sandwich , which they refuse . " so -- Yeh want to ask me somethin ' ? " " yes , " say Harry . there be no point beating around the bush . " we be wonder if you could tell us what be guard the Sorcerer 's Stone apart from Fluffy . " Hagrid frown at him . " O ' course I ca n't , " he say . " number one , I don ' know meself . number two , yeh know too much already , so I wouldn ' tell yeh if I could . that Stone be here fer a good reason . it be almost steal outta Gringotts -- I s'ppose yeh have work that out an ' all ? beat me how yeh even know abou ' Fluffy . " " oh , come on , Hagrid , you might not want to tell us , but you do know , you know everything that go on round here , " say Hermione in a warm , flatter voice . Hagrid 's beard twitch and they could tell he be smile . " we only wonder who have do the guard , really . " Hermione go on . " we wonder who Dumbledore have trust enough to help him , apart from you . " Hagrid 's chest swell at these last word . Harry and Ron beam at Hermione . " well , I don ' s'pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that ... let be see ... he borrow Fluffy from me ... then some o ' the teacher do enchantment ... Professor Sprout -- Professor Flitwick -- Professor McGonagall - " he tick them off on his finger , " Professor Quirrell -- an ' Dumbledore himself do somethin ' , o ' course . hang on , I have forget someone . oh yeah , Professor Snape . " " Snape ? " " yeah -- yer not still on abou ' that , be yeh ? look , Snape help protect the Stone , he be not about ter steal it . " Harry know Ron and Hermione be think the same as he be . if Snape have be in on protect the Stone , it must have be easy to find out how the other teacher have guard it . he probably know everything -- except , it seem , Quirrell 's spell and how to get past Fluffy . " you be the only one who know how to get past Fluffy . be n't you , Hagrid ? " say Harry anxiously . " and you would n't tell anyone , would you ? not even one of the teacher ? " " not a soul know except me an ' Dumbledore , " say Hagrid proudly . " well , that be something , " Harry mutter to the other . " Hagrid , can we have a window open ? I be boil . " " can n't , Harry , sorry , " say Hagrid . Harry notice him glance at the fire . Harry look at it , too . " Hagrid -- what be that ? " but he already know what it be . in the very heart of the fire , underneath the kettle , be a huge , black egg . " ah , " say Hagrid , fiddle nervously with his beard , " that be -- er ... " " where do you get it , Hagrid ? " say Ron , crouch over the fire to get a close look at the egg . " it must have cost you a fortune . " " win it , " say Hagrid . " Las ' night . I be down in the village havin ' a few drink an ' get into a game o ' card with a stranger . think he be quite glad ter get rid of it , ter be honest . " " but what be you go to do with it when it be hatch ? " say Hermione . " well , I have bin doin ' some readin ' , " say Hagrid , pull a large book from under his pillow . " get this outta the library - Dragon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit -- it be a bit outta date , o ' course , but it be all in here . keep the egg in the fire , ' cause their mother breathe on I em , see , an ' when it hatch , feed it on a bucket o ' brandy mix with chicken blood every half hour . an ' see here -- how ter recognize diff'rent egg -- what I get there be a Norwegian Ridgeback . they be rare , them . " he look very pleased with himself , but Hermione do n't . " Hagrid , you live in a wooden house , " she say . but Hagrid be n't listen . he be hum merrily as he stoke the fire . so now they have something else to worry about : what might happen to Hagrid if anyone find out he be hide an illegal dragon in his hut . " wonder what it be like to have a peaceful life , " Ron sigh , as evening after evening they struggle through all the extra homework they be get . Hermione have now start make study schedule for Harry and Ron , too . it be drive them nut . then , one breakfast time , Hedwig bring Harry another note from Hagrid . he have write only two word : it be hatch . Ron want to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut . Hermione would n't hear of it . " Hermione , how many time in our life be we go to see a dragon hatch ? " " we have get lesson , we will get into trouble , and that be nothing to what Hagrid be go to be in when someone find out what he be do - " " Shut up ! " Harry whisper . Malfoy be only a few foot away and he have stop dead to listen . how much have he hear ? Harry do n't like the look on Malfoy 's face at all . Ron and Hermione argue all the way to Herbology and in the end , Hermione agree to run down to Hagrid 's with the other two during morning break . when the bell sound from the castle at the end of their lesson , the three of them drop their trowel at once and hurry through the ground to the edge of the forest . Hagrid greet them , look flush and excite . " it be nearly out . " he usher them inside . the egg be lie on the table . there be deep crack in it . something be move inside ; a funny click noise be come from it . they all draw their chair up to the table and watch with bate breath . all at once there be a scrape noise and the egg split open . the baby dragon flop onto the table . it be n't exactly pretty ; Harry think it look like a crumpled , black umbrella . its spiny wing be huge compare to its skinny jet body , it have a long snout with wide nostril , the stub of horn and bulge , orange eye . it sneeze . a couple of spark fly out of its snout . " be n't he beautiful ? " Hagrid murmur . he reach out a hand to stroke the dragon 's head . it snap at his finger , show pointed fang . " bless him , look , he know his mommy ! " say Hagrid . " Hagrid , " say Hermione , " how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow , exactly ? " Hagrid be about to answer when the color suddenly drain from his face -- he leap to his foot and run to the window . " what be the matter ? " " someone be lookin ' through the gap in the curtain -- it be a kid -- he be runnin ' back up ter the school . " Harry bolt to the door and look out . even at a distance there be no mistake him . Malfoy have see the dragon . something about the smile lurk on Malfoy 's face during the next week make Harry , Ron , and Hermione very nervous . they spend most of their free time in Hagrid 's darken hut , try to reason with him . " just let him go , " Harry urge . " set him free . " " I ca n't , " say Hagrid . " he be too little . he will die . " they look at the dragon . it have grow three time in length in just a week . smoke keep furl out of its nostril . Hagrid have n't be do his gamekeeping duty because the dragon be keep him so busy . there be empty brandy bottle and chicken feather all over the floor . " I have decide to call him Norbert , " say Hagrid , look at the dragon with misty eye . " he really know me now , watch . Norbert ! Norbert ! where be Mommy ? " " he have lose his marble , " Ron mutter in Harry 's ear . " Hagrid , " say Harry loudly , " give it two week and Norbert be go to be as long as your house . Malfoy could go to Dumbledore at any moment . " Hagrid bite his lip . " I -- I know I ca n't keep him forever , but I ca n't jus ' dump him , I ca n't . " Harry suddenly turn to Ron . " Charlie . " he say . " you be lose it , too , " say Ron . " I be Ron , remember ? " " no -- Charlie -- your brother , Charlie . in Romania . study dragon . we could send Norbert to him . Charlie can take care of him and then put him back in the wild ! " " brilliant ! " say Ron . " how about it , Hagrid ? " and in the end , Hagrid agree that they could send an owl to Charlie to ask him . the follow week drag by . Wednesday night find Hermione and Harry sit alone in the common room , long after everyone else have go to bed . the clock on the wall have just chime midnight when the portrait hole burst open . Ron appear out of nowhere as he pull off Harry 's invisibility cloak . he have be down at Hagrid 's hut , help him feed Norbert , who be now eat dead rat by the crate . " it bite me ! " he say , show them his hand , which be wrap in a bloody handkerchief . " I be not go to be able to hold a quill for a week . I tell you , that dragon be the most horrible animal I have ever meet , but the way Hagrid go on about it , you will think it be a fluffy little bunny rabbit . when it bite me he tell me off for frighten it . and when I leave , he be sing it a lullaby . " there be a tap on the dark window . " it be Hedwig ! " say Harry , hurry to let her in . " she will have Charlie 's answer ! " the three of them put their head together to read the note . Dear Ron , how be you ? thanks for the letter -- I will be glad to take the Norwegian Ridgeback , but it wo n't be easy get him here . I think the good thing will be to send him over with some friend of mine who be come to visit me next week . trouble be , they must n't be see carry an illegal dragon . could you get the Ridgeback up the tall tower at midnight on Saturday ? they can meet you there and take him away while it be still dark . send me an answer as soon as possible . Love , Charlie they look at one another . " we have get the invisibility cloak , " say Harry . " it should n't be too difficult - I think the cloak big enough to cover two of us and Norbert . " it be a mark of how bad the last week have be that the other two agree with him . anything to get rid of Norbert -- and Malfoy . there be a hitch . by the next morning , Ron 's bite hand have swell to twice its usual size . he do n't know whether it be safe to go to Madam Pomfrey -- would she recognize a dragon bite ? by the afternoon , though , he have no choice . the cut have turn a nasty shade of green . it look as if Norbert 's fang be poisonous . Harry and Hermione rush up to the hospital wing at the end of the day to find Ron in a terrible state in bed . " it be not just my hand , " he whisper , " although that feel like it be about to fall off . Malfoy tell Madam Pomfrey he want to borrow one of my book so he could come and have a good laugh at me . he keep threaten to tell her what really bite me -- I have tell her it be a dog , but I do n't think she believe me -- I should n't have hit him at the Quidditch match , that be why he be do this . " Harry and Hermione try to calm Ron down . " it will all be over at midnight on Saturday , " say Hermione , but this do n't soothe Ron at all . on the contrary , he sit bolt upright and break into a sweat . " midnight on Saturday ! " he say in a hoarse voice . " oh no oh no -- I have just remember -- Charlie 's letter be in that book Malfoy take , he be go to know we be get rid of Norbert . " Harry and Hermione do n't get a chance to answer . madam Pomfrey come over at that moment and make them leave , say Ron needed sleep . " it be too late to change the plan now , " Harry tell Hermione . " we have n't get time to send Charlie another owl , and this could be our only chance to get rid of Norbert . we will have to risk it . and we have get the invisibility cloak , Malfoy do n't know about that . " they find Fang , the boarhound , sit outside with a bandage tail when they go to tell Hagrid , who open a window to talk to them . " I wo n't let you in , " he puff . " Norbert 's at a tricky stage -- nothin ' I ca n't handle . " when they tell him about Charlie 's letter , his eye fill with tear , although that might have be because Norbert have just bite him on the leg . " Aargh ! it be all right , he only get my boot -- jus ' playin ' -- he be only a baby , after all . " the baby bang its tail on the wall , make the window rattle . Harry and Hermione walk back to the castle feel Saturday could n't come quickly enough . they would have feel sorry for Hagrid when the time come for him to say good-bye to Norbert if they have n't be so worry about what they have to do . it be a very dark , cloudy night , and they be a bit late arrive at Hagrid 's hut because they have have to wait for Peeves to get out of their way in the entrance hall , where he have be play tennis against the wall . Hagrid have Norbert pack and ready in a large crate . " he have get lot o ' rat an ' some brandy fer the journey , " say Hagrid in a muffle voice . " an ' I have pack his teddy bear in case he get lonely . " from inside the crate come ripping noise that sound to Harry as though the teddy be have his head tear off . " bye-bye , Norbert ! " Hagrid sob , as Harry and Hermione cover the crate with the invisibility cloak and step underneath it themselves . " Mommy will never forget you ! " how they manage to get the crate back up to the castle , they never know . midnight tick near as they heave Norbert up the marble staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark corridor . up another staircase , then another - even one of Harry 's shortcut do n't make the work much easy . " nearly there ! " Harry pant as they reach the corridor beneath the tall tower . then a sudden movement ahead of them make them almost drop the crate . forget that they be already invisible , they shrink into the shadow , stare at the dark outline of two people grapple with each other ten foot away . a lamp flare . Professor McGonagall , in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net , have Malfoy by the ear . " detention ! " she shout . " and twenty point from Slytherin ! wander around in the middle of the night , how dare you - " " you do n't understand , Professor . Harry Potter be come -- he have get a dragon ! " " what utter rubbish ! how dare you tell such lie ! come on -- I shall see Professor Snape about you , Malfoy ! " the steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seem the easy thing in the world after that . not until they have step out into the cold night air do they throw off the cloak , glad to be able to breathe properly again . Hermione do a sort of jig . " Malfoy 's get detention ! I could sing ! " " do n't , " Harry advise her . chuckle about Malfoy , they wait , Norbert thrashing about in his crate . about ten minute later , four broomstick come swoop down out of the darkness . Charlie 's friend be a cheery lot . they show Harry and Hermione the harness they have rig up , so they could suspend Norbert between them . they all help buckle Norbert safely into it and then Harry and Hermione shake hand with the other and thank them very much . at last , Norbert be go ... go ... go . they slip back down the spiral staircase , their heart as light as their hand , now that Norbert be off them . no more dragon -- Malfoy in detention -- what could spoil their happiness ? the answer to that be wait at the foot of the stair . as they step into the corridor , Filch 's face loom suddenly out of the darkness . " well , well , well , " he whisper , " we be in trouble . " they have leave the invisibility cloak on top of the tower . chapter FIFTEEN the Forbidden Forest thing could n't have be bad . filch take them down to Professor McGonagall 's study on the first floor , where they sit and wait without say a word to each other . Hermione be tremble . excuse , alibi , and wild cover- up story chase each other around Harry 's brain , each more feeble than the last . he could n't see how they be go to get out of trouble this time . they be corner . how could they have be so stupid as to forget the cloak ? there be no reason on earth that Professor McGonagall would accept for their be out of bed and creep around the school in the dead of night , let alone be up the tall astronomy tower , which be out-of-bound except for class . add Norbert and the invisibility cloak , and they might as well be pack their bag already . have Harry think that thing could n't have be bad ? he be wrong . when Professor McGonagall appear , she be lead Neville . " Harry ! " Neville burst out , the moment he see the other two . " I be try to find you to warn you , I hear Malfoy say he be go to catch you , he say you have a drag - " Harry shake his head violently to shut Neville up , but Professor McGonagall have see . she look more likely to breathe fire than Norbert as she towered over the three of them . " I would never have believe it of any of you . Mr. Filch say you be up in the astronomy tower . it be one o'clock in the morning . explain yourselves . " it be the first time Hermione have ever fail to answer a teacher 's question . she be stare at her slipper , as still as a statue . " I think I have get a good idea of what have be go on , " say Professor McGonagall . " it do n't take a genius to work it out . you feed Draco Malfoy some cock-and-bull story about a dragon , try to get him out of bed and into trouble . I have already catch him . I suppose you think it be funny that Longbottom here hear the story and believe it , too ? " Harry catch Neville 's eye and try to tell him without word that this be n't true , because Neville be look stun and hurt . Poor , blunder Neville -- Harry know what it must have cost him to try and find them in the dark , to warn them . " I be disgust , " say Professor McGonagall . " four student out of bed in one night ! I have never hear of such a thing before ! you , Miss Granger , I think you have more sense . as for you , Mr. Potter , I think Gryffindor mean more to you than this . all three of you will receive detention -- yes , you too , Mr. Longbottom , nothing give you the right to walk around school at night , especially these day , it be very dangerous -- and fifty point will be take from Gryffindor . " " fifty ? " Harry gasp -- they would lose the lead , the lead he have win in the last Quidditch match . " fifty point each , " say Professor McGonagall , breathe heavily through her long , pointed nose . " professor -- please - " " you ca n't - " " do n't tell me what I can and ca n't do , Potter . now get back to bed , all of you . I have never be more ashamed of Gryffindor student . " a hundred and fifty point lose . that put Gryffindor in last place . in one night , they have ruin any chance Gryffindor have have for the house cup . Harry feel as though the bottom have drop out of his stomach . how could they ever make up for this ? Harry do n't sleep all night . he could hear Neville sob into his pillow for what seem like hour . Harry could n't think of anything to say to comfort him . he know Neville , like himself , be dread the dawn . what would happen when the rest of Gryffindor find out what they have do ? at first , Gryffindors pass the giant hourglass that record the house point the next day think there have be a mistake . how could they suddenly have a hundred and fifty point few than yesterday ? and then the story start to spread : Harry Potter , the famous Harry Potter , their hero of two Quidditch match , have lose them all those point , him and a couple of other stupid first year . from be one of the most popular and admire people at the school , Harry be suddenly the most hate . even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs turn on him , because everyone have be long to see Slytherin lose the house cup . everywhere Harry go , people point and do n't trouble to lower their voice as they insult him . Slytherins , on the other hand , clap as he walk past them , whistle and cheer , " thanks Potter , we owe you one ! " only Ron stand by him . " they will all forget this in a few week . Fred and George have lose load of point in all the time they have be here , and people still like them . " " they have never lose a hundred and fifty point in one go , though , have they ? " say Harry miserably . " well -- no , " Ron admit . it be a bit late to repair the damage , but Harry swear to himself not to meddle in thing that be n't his business from now on . he have have it with sneak around and spy . he feel so ashamed of himself that he go to Wood and offer to resign from the Quidditch team . " resign ? " Wood thunder . " what good will that do ? how be we go to get any point back if we ca n't win at Quidditch ? " but even Quidditch have lose its fun . the rest of the team would n't speak to Harry during practice , and if they have to speak about him , they call him " the Seeker . " Hermione and Neville be suffer , too . they do n't have as bad a time as Harry , because they be n't as well-known , but nobody would speak to them , either . Hermione have stop draw attention to herself in class , keep her head down and work in silence . Harry be almost glad that the exam be n't far away . all the study he have to do keep his mind off his misery . he , Ron , and Hermione keep to themselves , work late into the night , try to remember the ingredient in complicated potion , learn charm and spell by heart , memorize the date of magical discovery and goblin rebellion ... then , about a week before the exam be due to start , Harry 's new resolution not to interfere in anything that do n't concern him be put to an unexpected test . walk back from the library on his own one afternoon , he hear somebody whimpering from a classroom up ahead . as he draw closer , he hear Quirrell 's voice . " no -- no -- not again , please - " it sound as though someone be threaten him . Harry move closer . " all right -- all right - " he hear Quirrell sob . next second , Quirrell come hurry out of the classroom straighten his turban . he be pale and look as though he be about to cry . he stride out of sight ; Harry do n't think Quirrell have even notice him . he wait until Quirrell 's footstep have disappear , then peer into the classroom . it be empty , but a door stand ajar at the other end . Harry be halfway toward it before he remember what he have promise himself about not meddle . all the same , he will have gamble twelve Sorcerer 's Stones that Snape have just leave the room , and from what Harry have just hear , Snape would be walk with a new spring in his step -- Quirrell seem to have give in at last . Harry go back to the library , where Hermione be test Ron on Astronomy . Harry tell them what he have hear . " Snape have do it , then ! " say Ron . " if Quirrell 's tell him how to break his Anti-Dark Force spell - " " there be still fluffy , though , " say Hermione . " maybe Snape be find out how to get past him without ask Hagrid , " say Ron , look up at the thousand of book surround them . " I bet there be a book somewhere in here tell you how to get past a giant three-headed dog . so what do we do , Harry ? " the light of adventure be kindle again in Ron 's eye , but Hermione answer before Harry could . " go to Dumbledore . that be what we should have do age ago . if we try anything ourselves we will be throw out for sure . " " but we have get no proof ! " say Harry . " Quirrell 's too scare to back us up . Snape 's only get to say he do n't know how the troll get in at Halloween and that he be nowhere near the third floor -- who do you think they will believe , him or us ? it be not exactly a secret we hate him , Dumbledore will think we make it up to get him sack . filch would n't help us if his life depend on it , he be too friendly with Snape , and the more student get throw out , the good , he will think . and do n't forget , we be not suppose to know about the Stone or Fluffy . that will take a lot of explain . " Hermione look convince , but Ron do n't . " if we just do a bit of poke around - " " no , " say Harry flatly , " we have do enough poke around . " he pull a map of Jupiter toward him and start to learn the name of its moon . the follow morning , note be deliver to Harry , Hermione , and Neville at the breakfast table . they be all the same : your detention will take place at eleven o'clock tonight . Meet Mr. Filch in the entrance hall . Professor McGonagall Harry have forget they still have detention to do in the furor over the point they have lose . he half expect Hermione to complain that this be a whole night of study lose , but she do n't say a word . like Harry , she feel they deserve what they have get . at eleven o'clock that night , they say good-bye to Ron in the common room and go down to the entrance hall with Neville . filch be already there -- and so be Malfoy . Harry have also forget that Malfoy have get a detention , too . " follow me , " say Filch , light a lamp and lead them outside . " I bet you will think twice about break a school rule again , wo n't you , eh ? " he say , leer at them . " oh yes ... hard work and pain be the good teacher if you ask me ... it be just a pity they let the old punishment die out ... hang you by your wrist from the ceiling for a few day , I have get the chain still in my office , keep ' em well oil in case they be ever need ... right , off we go , and do n't think of run off , now , it will be bad for you if you do . " they march off across the dark ground . Neville keep sniff . Harry wonder what their punishment be go to be . it must be something really horrible , or Filch would n't be sound so delighted . the moon be bright , but cloud scud across it keep throw them into darkness . ahead , Harry could see the lighted window of Hagrid 's hut . then they hear a distant shout . " be that you , Filch ? hurry up , I want ter get start . " Harry 's heart rise ; if they be go to be work with Hagrid it would n't be so bad . his relief must have show in his face , because Filch say , " I suppose you think you will be enjoy yourself with that oaf ? well , think again , boy -- it be into the forest you be go and I be much mistaken if you will all come out in one piece . " at this , Neville let out a little moan , and Malfoy stop dead in his track . " the forest ? " he repeat , and he do n't sound quite as cool as usual . " we ca n't go in there at night -- there be all sort of thing in there -- werewolf , I hear . " Neville clutch the sleeve of Harry 's robe and make a choke noise . " that be your problem , be n't it ? " say Filch , his voice crack with glee . " should have think of them werewolf before you get in trouble , should n't you ? " Hagrid come stride toward them out of the dark , Fang at his heel . he be carry his large crossbow , and a quiver of arrow hang over his shoulder . " Abou ' time , " he say . " I bin waitin ' fer half an hour already . all right , Harry , Hermione ? " " I should n't be too friendly to them , Hagrid , " say Filch coldly , " they be here to be punish , after all . " " that be why yer late , be it ? " say Hagrid , frown at Filch . " Bin lecturin ' them , eh ? ' Snot your place ter do that . Yeh have do yer bit , I will take over from here . " " I will be back at dawn , " say Filch , " for what be leave of them , " he add nastily , and he turn and start back toward the castle , his lamp bob away in the darkness . Malfoy now turn to Hagrid . " I be not go in that forest , " he say , and Harry be please to hear the note of panic in his voice . " Yeh be if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts , " say Hagrid fiercely . " Yeh have do wrong an ' now yeh have get ter pay fer it . " " but this be servant stuff , it be not for student to do . I think we will be copy line or something , if my father know I be do this , he will - " " - tell yer that be how it be at Hogwarts , " Hagrid growl . " Copyin ' line ! what good be that ter anyone ? Yeh will do summat useful or yeh will get out . if yeh think yer father will rather you be expel , then get back off ter the castle an ' pack . go on . " Malfoy do n't move . he look at Hagrid furiously , but then drop his gaze . " right then , " say Hagrid , " now , listen carefully , ' cause it be dangerous what we be gonna do tonight , an ' I don ' want no one takin ' risk . follow me over here a moment . " he lead them to the very edge of the forest . hold his lamp up high , he point down a narrow , wind earth track that disappear into the thick black tree . a light breeze lift their hair as they look into the forest . " look there , " say Hagrid , " see that stuff shinin ' on the ground ? silvery stuff ? that be unicorn blood . there be a unicorn in there bin hurt badly by summat . this be the second time in a week . I find one dead last Wednesday . we be gonna try an ' find the poor thing . we might have ter put it out of its misery . " " and what if whatever hurt the unicorn find us first ? " say Malfoy , unable to keep the fear out of his voice . " there be nothin ' that live in the forest that will hurt yeh if yer with me or Fang , " say Hagrid . " an ' keep ter the path . right , now , we be gonna split inter two party an ' follow the trail in diff'rent direction . there be blood all over the place , it must have bin staggerin ' around since last night at least . " " I want Fang , " say Malfoy quickly , look at Fang 's long tooth . " all right , but I warn yeh , he be a coward , " say Hagrid . " so me , Harry , an ' Hermione will go one way an ' Draco , Neville , an ' Fang will go the other . now , if any of us find the unicorn , we will send up green spark , right ? get yer wand out an ' practice now -- that be it -- an ' if anyone get in trouble , send up red spark , an ' we will all come an ' find yeh -- so , be careful -- let be go . " the forest be black and silent . a little way into it they reach a fork in the earth path , and Harry , Hermione , and Hagrid take the leave path while Malfoy , Neville , and Fang take the right . they walk in silence , their eye on the ground . every now and then a ray of moonlight through the branch above light a spot of silver-blue blood on the fall leaf . Harry see that Hagrid look very worry . " could a werewolf be kill the unicorn ? " Harry ask . " not fast enough , " say Hagrid . " it be not easy ter catch a unicorn , they be powerful magic creature . I never know one ter be hurt before . " they walk past a mossy tree stump . Harry could hear run water ; there must be a stream somewhere close by . there be still spot of unicorn blood here and there along the wind path . " you all right , Hermione ? " Hagrid whisper . " Don ' worry , it ca n't have go far if it be this badly hurt , an ' then we will be able ter -- GET BEHIND THAT TREE ! " Hagrid seize Harry and Hermione and hoist them off the path behind a towering oak . he pull out an arrow and fit it into his crossbow , raise it , ready to fire . the three of them listen . something be slither over dead leaf nearby : it sound like a cloak trail along the ground . Hagrid be squint up the dark path , but after a few second , the sound fade away . " I know it , " he murmur . " there be summat in here that shouldn ' be . " " a werewolf ? " Harry suggest . " that wasn ' no werewolf an ' it wasn ' no unicorn , neither , " say Hagrid grimly . " right , follow me , but careful , now . " they walk more slowly , ear strain for the faint sound . suddenly , in a clearing ahead , something definitely move . " who be there ? " Hagrid call . " show yerself -- I be arm ! " and into the clearing come -- be it a man , or a horse ? to the waist , a man , with red hair and beard , but below that be a horse 's gleam chestnut body with a long , reddish tail . Harry and Hermione 's jaw drop . " oh , it be you , Ronan , " say Hagrid in relief . " how be yeh ? " he walk forward and shake the centaur 's hand . " good evening to you , Hagrid , " say Ronan . he have a deep , sorrowful voice . " be you go to shoot me ? " " can n't be too careful , Ronan , " say Hagrid , pat his crossbow . " there be summat bad loose in this forest . this be Harry Potter an ' Hermione Granger , by the way . student up at the school . an ' this be Ronan , you two . he be a centaur . " we have notice , " say Hermione faintly . " good evening , " say Ronan . " student , be you ? and do you learn much , up at the school ? " " erm - " " a bit , " say Hermione timidly . " a bit . well , that be something . " Ronan sigh . he fling back his head and stare at the sky . " Mars be bright tonight . " " yeah , " say Hagrid , glance up , too . " listen , I be glad we have run inter Yeh , Ronan , ' cause there be a unicorn bin hurt -- you see anythin ' ? " Ronan do n't answer immediately . he stare unblinkingly upward , then sigh again . " always the innocent be the first victim , " he say . " so it have be for age past , so it be now . " " yeah , " say Hagrid , " but have yeh see anythin ' Ronan ? Anythin ' unusual ? " " Mars be bright tonight , " Ronan repeat , while Hagrid watch him impatiently . " unusually bright . " " yeah , but I be meanin ' anythin ' unusual a bit near home , " say Hagrid . " so yeh have n't notice anythin ' strange ? " yet again , Ronan take a while to answer . at last , he say , " the forest hide many secret . " a movement in the tree behind Ronan make Hagrid raise his bow again , but it be only a second centaur , black-haired and - body and wilder-looking than Ronan . " Hullo , Bane , " say Hagrid . " all right ? " " good evening , Hagrid , I hope you be well ? " " well enough . look , I have jus ' bin askin ' Ronan , you see anythin ' odd in here lately ? there be a unicorn bin injure -- would yeh know anythin ' about it ? " Bane walk over to stand next to Ronan . he look skyward . " Mars be bright tonight , " he say simply . " we have hear , " say Hagrid grumpily . " well , if either of you do see anythin ' , let me know , wo n't yeh ? we will be off , then . " Harry and Hermione follow him out of the clearing , stare over their shoulder at Ronan and Bane until the tree block their view . " never , " say Hagrid irritably , " try an ' get a straight answer out of a centaur . ruddy stargazer . not interested in anythin ' closer'n the moon . " " be there many of them in here ? " ask Hermione . " oh , a fair few ... keep themselves to themselves mostly , but they be good enough about turnin ' up if ever I want a word . they be deep , mind , centaur ... they know thing ... jus ' don ' let on much . " " D'you think that be a centaur we hear earlier ? " say Harry . " do that sound like hoof to you ? Nah , if yeh ask me , that be what 's bin killin ' the unicorn - never hear anythin ' like it before . " they walk on through the dense , dark tree . Harry keep look nervously over his shoulder . he have the nasty feeling they be be watch . he be very glad they have Hagrid and his crossbow with them . they have just pass a bend in the path when Hermione grab Hagrid 's arm . " Hagrid ! look ! Red spark , the other be in trouble ! " " you two wait here ! " Hagrid shout . " stay on the path , I will come back for Yeh ! " they hear him crash away through the undergrowth and stand look at each other , very scare , until they could n't hear anything but the rustle of leaf around them . " you do n't think they have be hurt , do you ? " whisper Hermione . " I do n't care if Malfoy have , but if something 's get Neville ... it be our fault he be here in the first place . " the minute drag by . their ear seem sharp than usual . Harry be seem to be pick up every sigh of the wind , every crack twig . what be go on ? where be the other ? at last , a great crunch noise announce Hagrid 's return . Malfoy , Neville , and Fang be with him . Hagrid be fume . Malfoy , it seem , have sneak up behind Neville and grab him as a joke . Neville have panic and send up the spark . " we will be lucky ter catch anythin ' now , with the racket you two be Makin ' . right , we be changin ' group -- Neville , you stay with me an ' Hermione , Harry , you go with Fang an ' this idiot . I be sorry , " Hagrid add in a whisper to Harry , " but he will have a hard time frightenin ' you , an ' we have gotta get this do . " so Harry set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and Fang . they walk for nearly half an hour , deep and deep into the forest , until the path become almost impossible to follow because the tree be so thick . Harry think the blood seem to be get thick . there be splash on the root of a tree , as though the poor creature have be thrash around in pain close by . Harry could see a clearing ahead , through the tangled branch of an ancient oak . " look - " he murmur , hold out his arm to stop Malfoy . something bright white be gleam on the ground . they inch closer . it be the unicorn all right , and it be dead . Harry have never see anything so beautiful and sad . its long , slender leg be stick out at odd angle where it have fall and its mane be spread pearly-white on the dark leaf . Harry have take one step toward it when a slither sound make him freeze where he stand . a bush on the edge of the clearing quiver ... then , out of the shadow , a hooded figure come crawl across the ground like some stalk beast . Harry , Malfoy , and Fang stand transfix . the cloak figure reach the unicorn , lower its head over the wound in the animal 's side , and begin to drink its blood . " AAAAAAAAAARGH ! " Malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolt -- so do Fang . the hooded figure raise its head and look right at Harry -- unicorn blood be dribble down its front . it get to its foot and come swiftly toward Harry -- he could n't move for fear . then a pain like he have never feel before pierce his head ; it be as though his scar be on fire . half blind , he stagger backward . he hear hoof behind him , gallop , and something jump clean over Harry , charge at the figure . the pain in Harry 's head be so bad he fall to his knee . it take a minute or two to pass . when he look up , the figure have go . a centaur be stand over him , not Ronan or Bane ; this one look young ; he have white-blond hair and a palomino body . " be you all right ? " say the centaur , pull Harry to his foot . " yes -- thank you -- what be that ? " the centaur do n't answer . he have astonishingly blue eye , like pale sapphire . he look carefully at Harry , his eye linger on the scar that stand out , livid , on Harry 's forehead . " you be the Potter boy , " he say . " you have well get back to Hagrid . the forest be not safe at this time -- especially for you . can you ride ? it will be quicker this way . " my name be Firenze , " he add , as he lower himself on to his front leg so that Harry could clamber onto his back . there be suddenly a sound of more gallop from the other side of the clearing . Ronan and Bane come burst through the tree , their flank heave and sweaty . " Firenze ! " Bane thunder . " what be you do ? you have a human on your back ! have you no shame ? be you a common mule ? " " do you realize who this be ? " say Firenze . " this be the Potter boy . the quick he leave this forest , the well . " " what have you be tell him ? " growl Bane . " remember , Firenze , we be swear not to set ourselves against the heaven . have we not read what be to come in the movement of the planet ? " Ronan paw the ground nervously . " I be sure Firenze think he be act for the good , " he say in his gloomy voice . Bane kick his back leg in anger . " for the good ! what be that to do with us ? centaur be concern with what have be foretell ! it be not our business to run around like donkey after stray human in our forest ! " Firenze suddenly rear on to his hind leg in anger , so that Harry have to grab his shoulder to stay on . " do you not see that unicorn ? " Firenze bellow at Bane . " do you not understand why it be kill ? or have the planet not let you in on that secret ? I set myself against what be lurk in this forest , Bane , yes , with human alongside me if I must . " and Firenze whisk around ; with Harry clutch on as good he could , they plunge off into the tree , leave Ronan and Bane behind them . Harry do n't have a clue what be go on . " why be Bane so angry ? " he ask . " what be that thing you save me from , anyway ? " Firenze slow to a walk , warn Harry to keep his head bow in case of low-hanging branch , but do not answer Harry 's question . they make their way through the tree in silence for so long that Harry think Firenze do n't want to talk to him anymore . they be pass through a particularly dense patch of tree , however , when Firenze suddenly stop . " Harry Potter , do you know what unicorn blood be use for ? " " no , " say Harry , startle by the odd question . " we have only use the horn and tail hair in potion . " " that be because it be a monstrous thing , to slay a unicorn , " say Firenze . " only one who have nothing to lose , and everything to gain , would commit such a crime . the blood of a unicorn will keep you alive , even if you be an inch from death , but at a terrible price . you have slay something pure and defenseless to save yourself , and you will have but a half-life , a cursed life , from the moment the blood touch your lip . " Harry stare at the back of Firenze 's head , which be dapple silver in the moonlight . " but who will be that desperate ? " he wonder aloud . " if you be go to be curse forever , death be good , be n't it ? " " it be , " Firenze agree , " unless all you need be to stay alive long enough to drink something else -- something that will bring you back to full strength and power -- something that will mean you can never die . Mr. Potter , do you know what be hide in the school at this very moment ? " " the Sorcerer 's Stone ! of course -- the Elixir of Life ! but I do n't understand who - " " can you think of nobody who have wait many year to return to power , who have cling to life , await their chance ? " it be as though an iron fist have clench suddenly around Harry 's heart . over the rustle of the tree , he seem to hear once more what Hagrid have tell him on the night they have meet : " some say he die . codswallop , in my opinion . dunno if he have enough human left in him to die . " " do you mean , " Harry croak , " that be Vol " " Harry ! Harry , be you all right ? " Hermione be run toward them down the path , Hagrid puff along behind her . " I be fine , " say Harry , hardly know what he be say . " the unicorn 's dead , Hagrid , it be in that clearing back there . " " this be where I leave you , " Firenze murmur as Hagrid hurry off to examine the unicorn . " you be safe now . " Harry slide off his back . " good luck , Harry Potter , " say Firenze . " the planet have be read wrongly before now , even by centaur . I hope this be one of those time . " he turn and canter back into the depth of the forest , leave Harry shiver behind him . Ron have fall asleep in the dark common room , wait for them to return . he shout something about Quidditch foul when Harry roughly shake him awake . in a matter of second , though , he be wide-eyed as Harry begin to tell him and Hermione what have happen in the forest . Harry could n't sit down . he pace up and down in front of the fire . he be still shake . " Snape want the stone for Voldemort ... and Voldemort be wait in the forest ... and all this time we think Snape just want to get rich ... " " Stop say the name ! " say Ron in a terrify whisper , as if he think Voldemort could hear them . Harry be n't listen . " Firenze save me , but he should n't have do so ... Bane be furious ... he be talk about interfere with what the planet say be go to happen ... they must show that Voldemort be come back ... Bane think Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me ... I suppose that be write in the star as well . " " will you stop say the name ! " Ron hiss . " so all I have get to wait for now be Snape to steal the Stone , " Harry go on feverishly , " then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off ... well , I suppose Bane will be happy . " Hermione look very frightened , but she have a word of comfort . " Harry , everyone say Dumbledore be the only one You-Know-Who be ever afraid of , with Dumbledore around , You-Know-Who wo n't touch you . anyway , who say the centaur be right ? it sound like fortune-telling to me , and Professor McGonagall say that be a very imprecise branch of magic . " the sky have turn light before they stop talk . they go to bed exhaust , their throat sore . but the night 's surprise be n't over . when Harry pull back his sheet , he find his invisibility cloak fold neatly underneath them . there be a note pin to it : just in case . chapter SIXTEEN through the trapdoor in year to come , Harry would never quite remember how he have manage to get through his exam when he half expect Voldemort to come burst through the door at any moment . yet the day creep by , and there could be no doubt that Fluffy be still alive and well behind the locked door . it be swelter hot , especially in the large classroom where they do their written paper . they have be give special , new quill for the exam , which have be bewitch with an Anticheating spell . they have practical exam as well . Professor Flitwick call them one by one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tapdance across a desk . Professor McGonagall watch them turn a mouse into a snuffbox -- point be give for how pretty the snuffbox be , but take away if it have whisker . Snape make them all nervous , breathe down their neck while they try to remember how to make a forgetfulness potion . Harry do the good he could , try to ignore the stab pain in his forehead , which have be bother him ever since his trip into the forest . Neville think Harry have a bad case of exam nerve because Harry could n't sleep , but the truth be that Harry keep be wake by his old nightmare , except that it be now bad than ever because there be a hooded figure drip blood in it . maybe it be because they have n't see what Harry have see in the forest , or because they do n't have scar burn on their forehead , but Ron and Hermione do n't seem as worried about the Stone as Harry . the idea of Voldemort certainly scare them , but he do n't keep visit them in dream , and they be so busy with their study they do n't have much time to fret about what Snape or anyone else might be up to . their very last exam be history of Magic . one hour of answer question about batty old wizard who have invent selfstirring cauldron and they will be free , free for a whole wonderful week until their exam result come out . when the ghost of Professor Binns tell them to put down their quill and roll up their parchment , Harry could n't help cheer with the rest . " that be far easy than I think it would be , " say Hermione as they join the crowd flock out onto the sunny ground . " I need n't have learn about the @card@ Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of Elfric the Eager . " Hermione always like to go through their exam paper afterward , but Ron say this make him feel ill , so they wander down to the lake and flop under a tree . the Weasley twin and Lee Jordan be tickle the tentacle of a giant squid , which be bask in the warm shallow . " no more study , " Ron sigh happily , stretch out on the grass . " you could look more cheerful , Harry , we have get a week before we find out how badly we have do , there be no need to worry yet . " Harry be rub his forehead . " I wish I know what this mean ! " he burst out angrily . " my scar keep hurt -- it be happen before , but never as often as this . " " go to Madam Pomfrey , " Hermione suggest . " I be not ill , " say Harry . " I think it be a warning ... it mean danger be come ... " Ron could n't get work up , it be too hot . " Harry , relax , Hermione 's right , the Stone be safe as long as Dumbledore 's around . anyway , we have never have any proof Snape find out how to get past Fluffy . he nearly have his leg rip off once , he be not go to try it again in a hurry . and Neville will play Quidditch for England before Hagrid let Dumbledore down . " Harry nod , but he could n't shake off a lurk feeling that there be something he have forget to do , something important . when he try to explain this , Hermione say , " that be just the exam . I wake up last night and be halfway through my transfiguration note before I remember we have do that one . " Harry be quite sure the unsettled feeling do n't have anything to do with work , though . he watch an owl flutter toward the school across the bright blue sky , a note clamp in its mouth . Hagrid be the only one who ever send him letter . Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore . Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy ... never ... but ... Harry suddenly jump to his foot . " where be you go ? " say Ron sleepily . " I have just think of something , " say Harry . he have turn white . " we have get to go and see Hagrid , now . " " why ? " pant Hermione , hurry to keep up . " do n't you think it be a bit odd , " say Harry , scramble up the grassy slope , " that what Hagrid want more than anything else be a dragon , and a stranger turn up who just happen to have an egg in his pocket ? how many people wander around with dragon egg if it be against wizard law ? Lucky they find Hagrid , do n't you think ? why do n't I see it before ? " " what be you talk about ? " say Ron , but Harry , sprint across the ground toward the forest , do n't answer . Hagrid be sit in an armchair outside his house ; his trouser and sleeve be roll up , and he be shell pea into a large bowl . " Hullo , " he say , smile . " finished yer exam ? get time fer a drink ? " " yes , please , " say Ron , but Harry cut him off . " no , we be in a hurry . Hagrid , I have get to ask you something . you know that night you win Norbert ? what do the stranger you be play card with look like ? " " dunno , " say Hagrid casually , " he wouldn ' take his cloak off . " he see the three of them look stun and raise his eyebrow . " it be not that unusual , yeh get a lot o ' funny folk in the Hog 's Head -- that be one of the pub down in the village . Mighta bin a dragon dealer , mightn ' he ? I never see his face , he keep his hood up . " Harry sink down next to the bowl of pea . " what do you talk to him about , Hagrid ? do you mention Hogwarts at all ? " " Mighta come up , " say Hagrid , frown as he try to remember . " yeah ... he ask what I do , an ' I tell him I be gamekeeper here ... he ask a bit about the sorta creature I take after ... so I tell him ... an ' I say what I will always really want be a dragon ... an ' then ... I can ' remember too well , ' cause he keep buyin ' me drink ... let be see ... yeah , then he say he have the dragon egg an ' we could play card fer it if I want ... but he have ter be sure I could handle it , he didn ' want it ter go ter any old home ... so I tell him , after Fluffy , a dragon would be easy ... " " and do he -- do he seem interested in Fluffy ? " Harry ask , try to keep his voice calm . " well -- yeah -- how many three-headed dog d'yeh meet , even around Hogwarts ? so I tell him , Fluffy be a piece o ' cake if yeh know how to calm him down , jus ' play him a bit o ' music an ' he will go straight off ter sleep - " Hagrid suddenly look horrify . " I shouldn'ta tell yeh that ! " he blurt out . " forget I say it ! hey -- where be yeh goin ' ? " Harry , Ron , and Hermione do n't speak to each other at all until they come to a halt in the entrance hall , which seem very cold and gloomy after the ground . " we have get to go to Dumbledore , " say Harry . " Hagrid tell that stranger how to get past Fluffy , and it be either Snape or Voldemort under that cloak -- it must have be easy , once he have get Hagrid drunk . I just hope Dumbledore believe us . Firenze might back us up if Bane do n't stop him . where be Dumbledore 's office ? " they look around , as if hope to see a sign point them in the right direction . they have never be tell where Dumbledore live , nor do they know anyone who have be send to see him . " we will just have to - " Harry begin , but a voice suddenly ring across the hall . " what be you three do inside ? " it be Professor McGonagall , carry a large pile of book . " we want to see Professor Dumbledore , " say Hermione , rather bravely , Harry and Ron think . " see Professor Dumbledore ? " Professor McGonagall repeat , as though this be a very fishy thing to want to do . " why ? " Harry swallow -- now what ? " it be sort of secret , " he say , but he wish at once he have n't , because Professor McGonagall 's nostril flare . " Professor Dumbledore leave ten minute ago , " she say coldly . " he receive an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and fly off for London at once . " " he be go ? " say Harry frantically . " now ? " " Professor Dumbledore be a very great wizard , Potter , he have many demand on his time - " " but this be important . " " something you have to say be more important than the Ministry of Magic , Potter ? " " look , " say Harry , throw caution to the wind , " Professor -- it be about the Sorcerer 's Stone - " whatever Professor McGonagall have expect , it be n't that . the book she be carry tumble out of her arm , but she do n't pick them up . " how do you know - ? " she splutter . " professor , I think -- I know -- that Sn - that someone be go to try and steal the Stone . I have get to talk to Professor Dumbledore . " she eye him with a mixture of shock and suspicion . " Professor Dumbledore will be back tomorrow , " she say finally . " I do n't know how you find out about the Stone , but rest assured , no one can possibly steal it , it be too well protect . " " but Professor - " " Potter , I know what I be talk about , " she say shortly . she bend down and gather up the fall book . " I suggest you all go back outside and enjoy the sunshine . " but they do n't . " it be tonight , " say Harry , once he be sure Professor McGonagall be out of earshot . " Snape be go through the trapdoor tonight . he be find out everything he need , and now he have get Dumbledore out of the way . he send that note , I bet the Ministry of Magic will get a real shock when Dumbledore turn up . " " but what can we - " Hermione gasp . Harry and Ron wheeled round . Snape be stand there . " good afternoon , " he say smoothly . they stare at him . " you should n't be inside on a day like this , " he say , with an odd , twisted smile . " we be - " Harry begin , without any idea what he be go to say . " you want to be more careful , " say Snape . " hang around like this , people will think you be up to something . and Gryffindor really ca n't afford to lose any more point , can it ? " Harry flush . they turn to go outside , but Snape call them back . " be warn , Potter -- any more nighttime wandering and I will personally make sure you be expel . good day to you . " he stride off in the direction of the staffroom . out on the stone step , Harry turn to the other . " right , here be what we have get to do , " he whisper urgently . " one of us have get to keep an eye on Snape -- wait outside the staff room and follow him if he leave it . Hermione , you will well do that . " " why me ? " " it be obvious , " say Ron . " you can pretend to be wait for Professor Flitwick , you know . " he put on a high voice , " ' Oh Professor Flitwick , I be so worry , I think I get question fourteen b wrong ... ' " " oh , shut up , " say Hermione , but she agree to go and watch out for Snape . " and we will well stay outside the third-floor corridor , " Harry tell Ron . " come on . " but that part of the plan do n't work . no sooner have they reach the door separate Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor McGonagall turn up again and this time , she lose her temper . " I suppose you think you be hard to get past than a pack of enchantment ! " she storm . " enough of this nonsense ! if I hear you have come anywhere near here again , I will take another fifty point from Gryffindor ! yes , Weasley , from my own house ! " Harry and Ron go back to the common room , Harry have just say , " at least Hermione 's on Snape 's tail , " when the portrait of the Fat Lady swing open and Hermione come in . " I be sorry , Harry ! " she wail . " Snape come out and ask me what I be do , so I say I be wait for Flitwick , and Snape go to get him , and I have only just get away , I do n't know where Snape go . " " well , that be it then , be n't it ? " Harry say . the other two stare at him . he be pale and his eye be glitter . " I be go out of here tonight and I be go to try and get to the Stone first . " " you be mad ! " say Ron . " you ca n't ! " say Hermione . " after what McGonagall and Snape have say ? you will be expel ! " " so what " Harry shout . " do n't you understand ? if Snape get hold of the Stone , Voldemort be come back ! have n't you hear what it be like when he be try to take over ? there wo n't be any Hogwarts to get expel from ! he will flatten it , or turn it into a school for the Dark Arts ! lose point do n't matter anymore , ca n't you see ? D'you think he will leave you and your family alone if Gryffindor win the house cup ? if I get catch before I can get to the Stone , well , I will have to go back to the Dursley and wait for Voldemort to find me there , it be only die a bit later than I would have , because I be never go over to the dark side ! I be go through that trapdoor tonight and nothing you two say be go to stop me ! Voldemort kill my parent , remember ? " he glare at them . " you be right Harry , " say Hermione in a small voice . " I will use the invisibility cloak , " say Harry . " it be just lucky I get it back . " " but will it cover all three of us ? " say Ron . " all -- all three of us ? " " oh , come off it , you do n't think we will let you go alone ? " " of course not , " say Hermione briskly . " how do you think you will get to the Stone without us ? I will well go and look through my book , there might be something useful ... " " but if we get catch , you two will be expel , too . " " not if I can help it , " say Hermione grimly . " Flitwick tell me in secret that I get a hundred and twelve percent on his exam . they be not throw me out after that . " after dinner the three of them sit nervously apart in the common room . nobody bother them ; none of the Gryffindors have anything to say to Harry any more , after all . this be the first night he have n't be upset by it . Hermione be skim through all her note , hope to come across one of the enchantment they be about to try to break . Harry and Ron do n't talk much . both of them be think about what they be about to do . slowly , the room empty as people drift off to bed . " well get the cloak , " Ron mutter , as Lee Jordan finally leave , stretch and yawn . Harry run upstairs to their dark dormitory . he pull out the cloak and then his eye fall on the flute Hagrid have give him for Christmas . he pocket it to use on Fluffy -- he do n't feel much like singing . he run back down to the common room . " we will well put the cloak on here , and make sure it cover all three of us - if Filch spot one of our foot wander along on its own - " " what be you do ? " say a voice from the corner of the room . Neville appear from behind an armchair , clutch Trevor the toad , who look as though he have be make another bid for freedom . " nothing , Neville , nothing , " say Harry , hurriedly put the cloak behind his back . Neville stare at their guilty face . " you be go out again , " he say . " no , no , no , " say Hermione . " no , we be not . why do n't you go to bed , Neville ? " Harry look at the grandfather clock by the door . they could n't afford to waste any more time , Snape might even now be play Fluffy to sleep . " you ca n't go out , " say Neville , " you will be catch again . Gryffindor will be in even more trouble . " " you do n't understand , " say Harry , " this be important . " but Neville be clearly steel himself to do something desperate . " I wo n't let you do it , " he say , hurry to stand in front of the portrait hole . " I will -- I will fight you ! " " Neville , " Ron explode , " get away from that hole and do n't be an idiot - " " do n't you call me an idiot ! " say Neville . " I do n't think you should be break any more rule ! and you be the one who tell me to stand up to people ! " " yes , but not to us , " say Ron in exasperation . " Neville , you do n't know what you be do . " he take a step forward and Neville drop Trevor the toad , who leap out of sight . " go on then , try and hit me ! " say Neville , raise his fist . " I be ready ! " Harry turn to Hermione . " do something , " he say desperately . Hermione step forward . " Neville , " she say , " I be really , really sorry about this . " she raise her wand . " Petrificus Totalus ! " she cry , point it at Neville . Neville 's arm snap to his side . his leg spring together . his whole body rigid , he sway where he stand and then fall flat on his face , stiff as a board . Hermione run to turn him over . Neville 's jaw be jam together so he could n't speak . only his eye be move , look at them in horror . " what have you do to him ? " Harry whisper . " it be the full Body-Bind , " say Hermione miserably . " oh , Neville , I be so sorry . " " we have to , Neville , no time to explain , " say Harry . " you will understand later , Neville , " say Ron as they step over him and pull on the invisibility cloak . but leave Neville lie motionless on the floor do n't feel like a very good omen . in their nervous state , every statue 's shadow look like Filch , every distant breath of wind sound like Peeves swoop down on them . at the foot of the first set of stair , they spot Mrs. Norris skulk near the top . " oh , let be kick her , just this once , " Ron whisper in Harry 's ear , but Harry shake his head . as they climb carefully around her , Mrs. Norris turn her lamplike eye on them , but do n't do anything . they do n't meet anyone else until they reach the staircase up to the third floor . peeve be bob halfway up , loosen the carpet so that people would trip . " who be there ? " he say suddenly as they climb toward him . he narrow his wicked black eye . " know you be there , even if I ca n't see you . be you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie ? " he rise up in the air and float there , squint at them . " should call Filch , I should , if something be a-creeping around unseen . " Harry have a sudden idea . " peeve , " he say , in a hoarse whisper , " the Bloody Baron have his own reason for be invisible . " peeve almost fall out of the air in shock . he catch himself in time and hover about a foot off the stair . " so sorry , your bloodiness , Mr. Baron , Sir , " he say greasily . " my mistake , my mistake -- I do n't see you -- of course I do n't , you be invisible -- forgive old Peevsie his little joke , sir . " " I have business here , Peeves , " croak Harry . " stay away from this place tonight . " " I will , sir , I most certainly will , " say Peeves , rise up in the air again . " hope your business go well , Baron , I will not bother you . " and he scoot off . " brilliant , Harry ! " whisper Ron . a few second later , they be there , outside the third-floor corridor -- and the door be already ajar . " well , there you be , " Harry say quietly , " Snape 's already get past Fluffy . " see the open door somehow seem to impress upon all three of them what be face them . underneath the cloak , Harry turn to the other two . " if you want to go back , I wo n't blame you , " he say . " you can take the cloak , I wo n't need it now . " " do n't be stupid , " say Ron . " we be come , " say Hermione . Harry push the door open . as the door creak , low , rumble growl meet their ear . all three of the dog 's nose sniff madly in their direction , even though it could n't see them . " what be that at its foot ? " Hermione whisper . " look like a harp , " say Ron . " Snape must have leave it there . " " it must wake up the moment you stop play , " say Harry . " well , here go ... " he put Hagrid 's flute to his lip and blow . it be n't really a tune , but from the first note the beast 's eye begin to droop . Harry hardly draw breath . slowly , the dog 's growl cease -- it totter on its paw and fall to its knee , then it slump to the ground , fast asleep . " keep play , " Ron warn Harry as they slip out of the cloak and creep toward the trapdoor . they could feel the dog 's hot , smelly breath as they approach the giant head . " I think we will be able to pull the door open , " say Ron , peer over the dog 's back . " want to go first , Hermione ? " " no , I do n't ! " " all right . " Ron grit his tooth and step carefully over the dog 's leg . he bend and pull the ring of the trapdoor , which swing up and open . " what can you see ? " Hermione say anxiously . " nothing -- just black -- there be no way of climb down , we will just have to drop . " Harry , who be still play the flute , wave at Ron to get his attention and point at himself . " you want to go first ? be you sure ? " say Ron . " I do n't know how deep this thing go . give the flute to Hermione so she can keep him asleep . " Harry hand the flute over . in the few second ' silence , the dog growl and twitch , but the moment Hermione begin to play , it fall back into its deep sleep . Harry climb over it and look down through the trapdoor . there be no sign of the bottom . he lower himself through the hole until he be hang on by his fingertip . then he look up at Ron and say , " if anything happen to me , do n't follow . go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore , right ? " " right , " say Ron . " see you in a minute , I hope ... " and Harry let go . cold , damp air rush past him as he fall down , down , down and - FLUMP . with a funny , muffle sort of thump he land on something soft . he sit up and feel around , his eye not use to the gloom . it feel as though he be sit on some sort of plant . " it be okay ! " he call up to the light the size of a postage stamp , which be the open trapdoor , " it be a soft landing , you can jump ! " Ron follow right away . he land , sprawl next to Harry . " what be this stuff ? " be his first word . " dunno , some sort of plant thing . I suppose it be here to break the fall . come on , Hermione ! " the distant music stop . there be a loud bark from the dog , but Hermione have already jump . she land on Harry 's other side . " we must be mile under the school , " she say . " Lucky this plant thing be here , really , " say Ron . " lucky ! " shriek Hermione . " look at you both ! " she leap up and struggle toward a damp wall . she have to struggle because the moment she have land , the plant have start to twist snakelike tendril around her ankle . as for Harry and Ron , their leg have already be bind tightly in long creeper without their notice . Hermione have manage to free herself before the plant get a firm grip on her . now she watch in horror as the two boy fight to pull the plant off them , but the more they strain against it , the tight and faster the plant wind around them . " stop move ! " Hermione order them . " I know what this be -- it be Devil 's Snare ! " " oh , I be so glad we know what it be call , that be a great help , " snarl Ron , lean back , try to stop the plant from curl around his neck . " shut up , I be try to remember how to kill it ! " say Hermione . " well , hurry up , I ca n't breathe ! " Harry gasp , wrestle with it as it curl around his chest . " devil 's Snare , Devil 's Snare ... what do Professor Sprout say ? -- it like the dark and the damp . " " so light a fire ! " Harry choke . " yes -- of course -- but there be no wood ! " Hermione cry , wring her hand . " have you gone MAD ? " Ron bellow . " be you a WITCH Or NOT ? " " oh , right ! " say Hermione , and she whip out her wand , wave it , mutter something , and send a jet of the same bluebell flame she have use on Snape at the plant . in a matter of second , the two boy feel it loosen its grip as it cringe away from the light and warmth . wriggle and flail , it unravel itself from their body , and they be able to pull free . " lucky you pay attention in Herbology , Hermione , " say Harry as he join her by the wall , wipe sweat off his face . " yeah , " say Ron , " and lucky Harry do n't lose his head in a crisis -- ' there be no wood , ' honestly . " " this way , " say Harry , point down a stone passageway , which be the only way forward . all they could hear apart from their footstep be the gentle drip of water trickle down the wall . the passageway slope downward , and Harry be remind of Gringotts . with an unpleasant jolt of the heart , he remember the dragon say to be guard vault in the wizard ' bank . if they meet a dragon , a fully-grown dragon -- Norbert have be bad enough ... " can you hear something ? " Ron whisper . Harry listen . a soft rustle and clink seem to be come from up ahead . " do you think it be a ghost ? " " I do n't know ... sound like wing to me . " " there be light ahead -- I can see something moving . " they reach the end of the passageway and see before them a brilliantly light chamber , its ceiling arch high above them . it be full of small , jewel-bright bird , flutter and tumble all around the room . on the opposite side of the chamber be a heavy wooden door . " do you think they will attack us if we cross the room ? " say Ron . " probably , " say Harry . " they do n't look very vicious , but I suppose if they all swoop down at once ... well , there be no other choice ... I will run . " he take a deep breath , cover his face with his arm , and sprint across the room . he expect to feel sharp beak and claw tear at him any second , but nothing happen . he reach the door untouched . he pull the handle , but it be lock . the other two follow him . they tug and heave at the door , but it would n't budge , not even when Hermione try her Alohomora charm . " now what ? " say Ron . " these bird ... they ca n't be here just for decoration , " say Hermione . they watch the bird soar overhead , glitter - glitter ? " they be not bird ! " Harry say suddenly . " they be key ! wing key -- look carefully . so that must mean ... " he look around the chamber while the other two squint up at the flock of key . " ... yes -- look ! broomstick ! we have get to catch the key to the door ! " " but there be hundred of them ! " Ron examine the lock on the door . " we be look for a big , old-fashioned one -- probably silver , like the handle . " they each seize a broomstick and kick off into the air , soar into the midst of the cloud of key . they grab and snatch , but the bewitch key dart and dive so quickly it be almost impossible to catch one . not for nothing , though , be Harry the young seeker in a century . he have a knack for spot thing other people do n't . after a minute be weave about through the whirl of rainbow feather , he notice a large silver key that have a bent wing , as if it have already be catch and stuff roughly into the keyhole . " that one ! " he call to the other . " that big one -- there -- no , there -- with bright blue wing -- the feather be all crumple on one side . " Ron go speed in the direction that Harry be point , crash into the ceiling , and nearly fall off his broom . " we have get to close in on it ! " Harry call , not take his eye off the key with the damaged wing . " Ron , you come at it from above -- Hermione , stay below and stop it from go down and I will try and catch it . right , now ! " Ron dive , Hermione rocket upward , the key dodge them both , and Harry streak after it ; it speed toward the wall , Harry lean forward and with a nasty , crunch noise , pin it against the stone with one hand . Ron and Hermione 's cheer echo around the high chamber . they land quickly , and Harry run to the door , the key struggle in his hand . he ram it into the lock and turn - it work . the moment the lock have click open , the key take flight again , look very batter now that it have be catch twice . " ready ? " Harry ask the other two , his hand on the door handle . they nod . he pull the door open . the next chamber be so dark they could n't see anything at all . but as they step into it , light suddenly flood the room to reveal an astonishing sight . they be stand on the edge of a huge chessboard , behind the black chessman , which be all tall than they be and carve from what look like black stone . face them , way across the chamber , be the white piece . Harry , Ron and Hermione shiver slightly - the towering white chessman have no face . " now what do we do ? " Harry whisper . " it be obvious , be n't it ? " say Ron . " we have get to play our way across the room . " behind the white piece they could see another door . " how ? " say Hermione nervously . " I think , " say Ron , " we be go to have to be chessman . " he walk up to a black knight and put his hand out to touch the knight 's horse . at once , the stone spring to life . the horse paw the ground and the knight turn his helmeted head to look down at Ron . " do we -- er -- have to join you to get across ? " the black knight nod . Ron turn to the other two . " this need think about ... " he say . " I suppose we have get to take the place of three of the black piece ... " Harry and Hermione stay quiet , watch Ron think . finally he say , " now , do n't be offend or anything , but neither of you be that good at chess - " " we be not offend , " say Harry quickly . " just tell us what to do . " " well , Harry , you take the place of that bishop , and Hermione , you go there instead of that castle . " " what about you ? " " I be go to be a knight , " say Ron . the chessman seem to have be listen , because at these word a knight , a bishop , and a castle turn their back on the white piece and walk off the board , leave three empty square that Harry , Ron , and Hermione take . " White always play first in chess , " say Ron , peer across the board . " yes ... look ... " a white pawn have move forward two square . Ron start to direct the black piece . they move silently wherever he send them . Harry 's knee be tremble . what if they lose ? " Harry -- move diagonally four square to the right . " their first real shock come when their other knight be take . the white queen smash him to the floor and drag him off the board , where he lie quite still , facedown . " have to let that happen , " say Ron , look shake . " leave you free to take that bishop , Hermione , go on . " every time one of their man be lose , the white piece show no mercy . soon there be a huddle of limp black player slump along the wall . twice , Ron only just notice in time that Harry and Hermione be in danger . he himself dart around the board , take almost as many white piece as they have lose black one . " we be nearly there , " he mutter suddenly . " let me think -- let me think ... " the white queen turn her blank face toward him . " yes ... " say Ron softly , " it be the only way ... I have get to be take . " " no ! " Harry and Hermione shout . " that be chess ! " snap Ron . " you have get to make some sacrifice ! I make my move and she will take me -- that leave you free to checkmate the king , Harry ! " " but - " " do you want to stop Snape or not ? " " Ron - " " look , if you do n't hurry up , he will already have the Stone ! " there be no alternative . " ready ? " Ron call , his face pale but determine . " here I go -- now , do n't hang around once you have win . " he step forward , and the white queen pounce . she strike Ron hard across the head with her stone arm , and he crash to the floor -- Hermione scream but stay on her square -- the white queen drag Ron to one side . he look as if he have be knock out . shake , Harry move three space to the left . the white king take off his crown and throw it at Harry 's foot . they have win . the chessman part and bow , leave the door ahead clear . with one last desperate look back at Ron , Harry and Hermione charge through the door and up the next passageway . " what if he be - ? " " he will be all right , " say Harry , try to convince himself . " what do you reckon be next ? " " we have have Sprout 's , that be the Devil 's Snare ; Flitwick must have put charm on the key ; McGonagall transfigure the chessman to make them alive ; that leave Quirrell 's spell , and Snape 's . " they have reach another door . " all right ? " Harry whisper . " go on . " Harry push it open . a disgusting smell fill their nostril , make both of them pull their robe up over their nose . eye water , they see , flat on the floor in front of them , a troll even large than the one they have tackle , out cold with a bloody lump on its head . " I be glad we do n't have to fight that one , " Harry whisper as they step carefully over one of its massive leg . " come on , I ca n't breathe . " he pull open the next door , both of them hardly daring to look at what come next - but there be nothing very frightening in here , just a table with seven differently shape bottle stand on it in a line . " Snape 's , " say Harry . " what do we have to do ? " they step over the threshold , and immediately a fire spring up behind them in the doorway . it be n't ordinary fire either ; it be purple . at the same instant , black flame shoot up in the doorway lead onward . they be trap . " look ! " Hermione seize a roll of paper lie next to the bottle . Harry look over her shoulder to read it : danger lie before you , while safety lie behind , Two of us will help you , which ever you would find , one among us seven will let you move ahead , another will transport the drinker back instead , Two among our number hold only nettle wine , three of us be killer , wait bid in line . choose , unless you wish to stay here forevermore , to help you in your choice , we give you these clue four : First , however slyly the poison try to hide you will always find some on nettle wine 's left side ; second , different be those who stand at either end , but if you would move onward , neither be your friend ; Third , as you see clearly , all be different size , Neither dwarf nor giant hold death in their inside ; fourth , the second left and the second on the right be twin once you taste them , though different at first sight . Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry , amaze , see that she be smile , the very last thing he feel like do . " brilliant , " say Hermione . " this be n't magic -- it be logic -- a puzzle . a lot of the great wizard have n't get an ounce of logic , they will be stick in here forever . " " but so will we , wo n't we ? " " of course not , " say Hermione . " everything we need be here on this paper . seven bottle : three are poison ; two are wine ; one will get us safely through the black fire , and one will get us back through the purple . " " but how do we know which to drink ? " " give me a minute . " Hermione read the paper several time . then she walk up and down the line of bottle , mutter to herself and point at them . at last , she clap her hand . " got it , " she say . " the small bottle will get us through the black fire -- toward the Stone . " Harry look at the tiny bottle . " there be only enough there for one of us , " he say . " that be hardly one swallow . " they look at each other . " which one will get you back through the purple flame ? " Hermione point at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line . " you drink that , " say Harry . " no , listen , get back and get Ron . grab broom from the flyingkey room , they will get you out of the trapdoor and past Fluffy -- go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore , we need him . I might be able to hold Snape off for a while , but I be no match for him , really . " " but Harry -- what if You-Know-Who 's with him ? " " well -- I be lucky once , be n't I ? " say Harry , point at his scar . " I might get lucky again . " Hermione 's lip tremble , and she suddenly dash at Harry and throw her arm around him . " Hermione ! " " Harry -- you be a great wizard , you know . " " I be not as good as you , " say Harry , very embarrass , as she let go of him . " me ! " say Hermione . " book ! and cleverness ! there be more important thing -- friendship and bravery and -- oh Harry - be careful ! " " you drink first , " say Harry . " you be sure which be which , be n't you ? " " positive , " say Hermione . she take a long drink from the round bottle at the end , and shudder . " it be not poison ? " say Harry anxiously . " no -- but it be like ice . " " quick , go , before it wear off . " " good luck -- take care . " " go ! " Hermione turn and walk straight through the purple fire . Harry take a deep breath and pick up the small bottle . he turn to face the black flame . " here I come , " he say , and he drain the little bottle in one gulp . it be indeed as though ice be flood his body . he put the bottle down and walk forward ; he brace himself , see the black flame lick his body , but could n't feel them -- for a moment he could see nothing but dark fire -- then he be on the other side , in the last chamber . there be already someone there -- but it be n't Snape . it be n't even Voldemort . chapter SEVENTEEN the man with Two Faces it be Quirrell . " you ! " gasp Harry . Quirrell smile . his face be n't twitch at all . " me , " he say calmly . " I wonder whether I will be meet you here , Potter . " " but I think -- Snape - " " Severus ? " Quirrell laugh , and it be n't his usual quiver treble , either , but cold and sharp . " yes , Severus do seem the type , do n't he ? so useful to have him swoop around like an overgrow bat . next to him , who would suspect p-p-poor , st-stuttering P-Professor Quirrell ? " Harry could n't take it in . this could n't be true , it could n't . " but Snape try to kill me ! " " no , no , no . I try to kill you . your friend Miss Granger accidentally knock me over as she rush to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch match . she break my eye contact with you . another few second and I will have get you off that broom . I will have manage it before then if Snape have n't be mutter a countercurse , try to save you . " " Snape be try to save me ? " " of course , " say Quirrell coolly . " why do you think he want to referee your next match ? he be try to make sure I do n't do it again . funny , really ... he need n't have bother . I could n't do anything with Dumbledore watch . all the other teacher think Snape be try to stop Gryffindor from win , he do make himself unpopular ... and what a waste of time , when after all that , I be go to kill you tonight . " Quirrell snap his finger . rope spring out of thin air and wrap themselves tightly around Harry . " you be too nosy to live , Potter . scurry around the school on Halloween like that , for all I know you have see me come to look at what be guard the Stone . " " you let the troll in ? " " certainly . I have a special gift with troll -- you must have see what I do to the one in the chamber back there ? unfortunately , while everyone else be run around look for it , Snape , who already suspect me , go straight to the third floor to head me off -- and not only do my troll fail to beat you to death , that three-headed dog do n't even manage to bite Snape 's leg off properly . " now , wait quietly , Potter . I need to examine this interesting mirror . " it be only then that Harry realize what be stand behind Quirrell . it be the Mirror of Erised . " this mirror be the key to find the Stone , " Quirrell murmur , tap his way around the frame . " Trust Dumbledore to come up with something like this ... but he be in London ... I will be far away by the time he get back ... " all Harry could think of do be to keep Quirrell talk and stop him from concentrate on the mirror . " I see you and Snape in the forest - " he blurt out . " yes , " say Quirrell idly , walk around the mirror to look at the back . " he be on to me by that time , try to find out how far I have get . he suspect me all along . try to frighten me -- as though he could , when I have Lord Voldemort on my side ... " Quirrell come back out from behind the mirror and stare hungrily into it . " I see the Stone ... I be present it to my master ... but where be it ? " Harry struggle against the rope bind him , but they do n't give . he have to keep Quirrell from give his whole attention to the mirror . " but Snape always seem to hate me so much . " " oh , he do , " say Quirrell casually , " heaven , yes . he be at Hogwarts with your father , do n't you know ? they loathe each other . but he never want you dead . " " but I hear you a few day ago , sob -- I think Snape be threaten you ... " for the first time , a spasm of fear flit across Quirrell 's face . " sometimes , " he say , " I find it hard to follow my master 's instruction -- he be a great wizard and I be weak - " " you mean he be there in the classroom with you ? " Harry gasp . " he be with me wherever I go , " say Quirrell quietly . " I meet him when I travel around the world . a foolish young man I be then , full of ridiculous idea about good and evil . Lord Voldemort show me how wrong I be . there be no good and evil , there be only power , and those too weak to seek it ... since then , I have serve him faithfully , although I have let him down many time . he have have to be very hard on me . " Quirrell shiver suddenly . " he do not forgive mistake easily . when I fail to steal the stone from Gringotts , he be most displease . he punish me ... decide he would have to keep a close watch on me ... " Quirrell 's voice trail away . Harry be remember his trip to Diagon Alley -- how could he have be so stupid ? he have see Quirrell there that very day , shake hand with him in the Leaky Cauldron . Quirrell curse under his breath . " I do n't understand ... be the Stone inside the mirror ? should I break it ? " Harry 's mind be race . what I want more than anything else in the world at the moment , he think , be to find the Stone before Quirrell do . so if I look in the mirror , I should see myself find it -- which mean I will see where it be hide ! but how can I look without Quirrell realize what I be up to ? he try to edge to the left , to get in front of the glass without Quirrell notice , but the rope around his ankle be too tight : he trip and fall over . Quirrell ignore him . he be still talk to himself . " what do this mirror do ? how do it work ? help me , Master ! " and to Harry 's horror , a voice answer , and the voice seem to come from Quirrell himself . " use the boy ... use the boy ... " Quirrell round on Harry . " yes -- Potter -- come here . " he clap his hand once , and the rope bind Harry fall off . Harry get slowly to his foot . " come here , " Quirrell repeat . " look in the mirror and tell me what you see . " Harry walk toward him . I must lie , he think desperately . I must look and lie about what I see , that be all . Quirrell move close behind him . Harry breathe in the funny smell that seem to come from Quirrell 's turban . he close his eye , step in front of the mirror , and open them again . he see his reflection , pale and scared-looking at first . but a moment later , the reflection smile at him . it put its hand into its pocket and pull out a blood-red stone . it wink and put the Stone back in its pocket -- and as it do so , Harry feel something heavy drop into his real pocket . somehow -- incredibly - he have get the Stone . " well ? " say Quirrell impatiently . " what do you see ? " Harry screw up his courage . " I see myself shake hand with Dumbledore , " he invent . " I -- I have win the house cup for Gryffindor . " Quirrell curse again . " get out of the way , " he say . as Harry move aside , he feel the Sorcerer 's Stone against his leg . dare he make a break for it ? but he have n't walk five pace before a high voice speak , though Quirrell be n't move his lip . " he lie ... he lie ... " " Potter , come back here ! " Quirrell shout . " tell me the truth ! what do you just see ? " the high voice speak again . " let me speak to him ... face-to-face ... " " Master , you be not strong enough ! " " I have strength enough ... for this ... " Harry feel as if Devil 's Snare be root him to the spot . he could n't move a muscle . petrify , he watch as Quirrell reach up and begin to unwrap his turban . what be go on ? the turban fall away . Quirrell 's head look strangely small without it . then he turn slowly on the spot . Harry would have scream , but he could n't make a sound . where there should have be a back to Quirrell 's head , there be a face , the most terrible face Harry have ever see . it be chalk white with glare red eye and slit for nostril , like a snake . " Harry Potter ... " it whisper . Harry try to take a step backward but his leg would n't move . " see what I have become ? " the face say . " mere shadow and vapor ... I have form only when I can share another be body ... but there have always be those willing to let me into their heart and mind ... Unicorn blood have strengthen me , these past week ... you see faithful Quirrell drink it for me in the forest ... and once I have the Elixir of Life , I will be able to create a body of my own ... now ... why do n't you give me that Stone in your pocket ? " so he know . the feeling suddenly surge back into Harry 's leg . he stumble backward . " do n't be a fool , " snarl the face . " well save your own life and join me ... or you will meet the same end as your parent ... they die beg me for mercy ... " " LIAR ! " Harry shout suddenly . Quirrell be walk backward at him , so that Voldemort could still see him . the evil face be now smile . " how touch ... " it hiss . " I always value bravery ... Yes , boy , your parent be brave ... I kill your father first ; and he put up a courageous fight ... but your mother need n't have die ... she be try to protect you ... now give me the Stone , unless you want her to have die in vain . " " never ! " Harry spring toward the flame door , but Voldemort scream " SEIZE HIM ! " and the next second , Harry feel Quirrell 's hand close on his wrist . at once , a needle-sharp pain sear across Harry 's scar ; his head feel as though it be about to split in two ; he yell , struggle with all his might , and to his surprise , Quirrell let go of him . the pain in his head lessen -- he look around wildly to see where Quirrell have go , and see him hunch in pain , look at his finger -- they be blister before his eye . " seize him ! seize HIM ! " shriek Voldemort again , and Quirrell lunge , knock Harry clean off his foot landing on top of him , both hand around Harry 's neck -- Harry 's scar be almost blind him with pain , yet he could see Quirrell howl in agony . " master , I can hold him -- my hand -- my hand ! " and Quirrell , though pin Harry to the ground with his knee , let go of his neck and stare , bewilder , at his own palm -- Harry could see they look burned , raw , red , and shiny . " then kill him , fool , and be do ! " screech Voldemort . Quirrell raise his hand to perform a deadly curse , but Harry , by instinct , reach up and grab Quirrell 's face - " AAAARGH ! " Quirrell roll off him , his face blister , too , and then Harry know : Quirrell could n't touch his bare skin , not without suffer terrible pain -- his only chance be to keep hold of Quirrell , keep him in enough pain to stop him from do a curse . Harry jump to his foot , catch Quirrell by the arm , and hang on as tight as he could . Quirrell scream and try to throw Harry off -- the pain in Harry 's head be build -- he could n't see -- he could only hear Quirrell 's terrible shriek and Voldemort 's yell of , " Kill HIM ! kill HIM ! " and other voice , maybe in Harry 's own head , cry , " Harry ! Harry ! " he feel Quirrell 's arm wrench from his grasp , know all be lose , and fall into blackness , down ... down ... down ... something gold be glint just above him . the Snitch ! he try to catch it , but his arm be too heavy . he blink . it be n't the Snitch at all . it be a pair of glass . how strange . he blink again . the smile face of Albus Dumbledore swim into view above him . " good afternoon , Harry , " say Dumbledore . Harry stare at him . then he remember : " Sir ! the Stone ! it be Quirrell ! he have get the Stone ! Sir , quick - " " Calm yourself , dear boy , you be a little behind the time , " say Dumbledore . " Quirrell do not have the Stone . " " then who do ? Sir , I - " " Harry , please relax , or Madam Pomfrey will have me throw out . " Harry swallow and look around him . he realize he must be in the hospital wing . he be lie in a bed with white linen sheet , and next to him be a table pile high with what look like half the candy shop . " token from your friend and admirer , " say Dumbledore , beaming . " what happen down in the dungeon between you and Professor Quirrell be a complete secret , so , naturally , the whole school know . I believe your friend Misters Fred and George Weasley be responsible for try to send you a toilet seat . no doubt they think it would amuse you . madam Pomfrey , however , feel it might not be very hygienic , and confiscate it . " " how long have I be in here ? " " three day . Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger will be most relieved you have come round , they have be extremely worry . " " but sir , the Stone - " " I see you be not to be distract . very well , the Stone . Professor Quirrell do not manage to take it from you . I arrive in time to prevent that , although you be do very well on your own , I must say . " " you get there ? you get Hermione 's owl ? " " we must have cross in midair . no sooner have I reach London than it become clear to me that the place I should be be the one I have just leave . I arrive just in time to pull Quirrell off you . " " it be you . " " I fear I might be too late . " " you nearly be , I could n't have keep him off the Stone much longer - " " not the Stone , boy , you -- the effort involve nearly kill you . for one terrible moment there , I be afraid it have . as for the Stone , it have be destroy . " " destroy ? " say Harry blankly . " but your friend -- Nicolas Flamel - " " oh , you know about Nicolas ? " say Dumbledore , sound quite delighted . " you do do the thing properly , do n't you ? well , Nicolas and I have have a little chat , and agree it be all for the good . " " but that mean he and his wife will die , wo n't they ? " " they have enough Elixir store to set their affair in order and then , yes , they will die . " Dumbledore smile at the look of amazement on Harry 's face . " to one as young as you , I be sure it seem incredible , but to Nicolas and Perenelle , it really be like go to bed after a very , very long day . after all , to the well-organized mind , death be but the next great adventure . you know , the Stone be really not such a wonderful thing . as much money and life as you could want ! the two thing most human being would choose above all -- the trouble be , human do have a knack of choose precisely those thing that be bad for them . " Harry lie there , lose for word . Dumbledore hum a little and smile at the ceiling . " Sir ? " say Harry . " I have be think ... sir -- even if the Stone be go , Vol- , I mean , YouKnow-Who - " " call him Voldemort , Harry . always use the proper name for thing . fear of a name increase fear of the thing itself . " " yes , sir . well , Voldemort be go to try other way of come back , be n't he ? I mean , he have n't go , have he ? " " no , Harry , he have not . he be still out there somewhere , perhaps look for another body to share ... not be truly alive , he can be kill . he leave Quirrell to die ; he show just as little mercy to his follower as his enemy . nevertheless , Harry , while you may only have delay his return to power , it will merely take someone else who be prepare to fight what seem a lose battle next time -- and if he be delay again , and again , why , he may never return to power . " Harry nod , but stop quickly , because it make his head hurt . then he say , " Sir , there be some other thing I will like to know , if you can tell me ... thing I want to know the truth about ... " " the truth . " Dumbledore sigh . " it be a beautiful and terrible thing , and should therefore be treat with great caution . however , I shall answer your question unless I have a very good reason not to , in which case I beg you will forgive me . I shall not , of course , lie . " " well ... Voldemort say that he only kill my mother because she try to stop him from kill me . but why would he want to kill me in the first place ? " Dumbledore sigh very deeply this time . " alas , the first thing you ask me , I can tell you . not today . not now . you will know , one day ... put it from your mind for now , Harry . when you be old ... I know you hate to hear this ... when you be ready , you will know . " and Harry know it would be no good to argue . " but why could n't Quirrell touch me ? " " your mother die to save you . if there be one thing Voldemort can understand , it be love . he do n't realize that love as powerful as your mother be for you leave its own mark . not a scar , no visible sign ... to have be love so deeply , even though the person who love us be go , will give us some protection forever . it be in your very skin . Quirrell , full of hatred , greed , and ambition , share his soul with Voldemort , could not touch you for this reason . it be agony to touch a person mark by something so good . " Dumbledore now become very interested in a bird out on the windowsill , which give Harry time to dry his eye on the sheet . when he have find his voice again , Harry say , " and the invisibility cloak -- do you know who send it to me ? " " ah -- your father happen to leave it in my possession , and I think you might like it . " Dumbledore 's eye twinkle . " useful thing ... your father use it mainly for sneak off to the kitchen to steal food when he be here . " " and there be something else ... " " Fire away . " " Quirrell say Snape - " " Professor Snape , Harry . " " yes , him -- Quirrell say he hate me because he hate my father . be that true ? " " well , they do rather detest each other . not unlike yourself and Mr. Malfoy . and then , your father do something Snape could never forgive . " " what ? " " he save his life . " " what ? " " yes ... " say Dumbledore dreamily . " Funny , the way people 's mind work , be n't it ? Professor Snape could n't bear be in your father 's debt ... I do believe he work so hard to protect you this year because he feel that would make him and your father even . then he could go back to hate your father 's memory in peace ... " Harry try to understand this but it make his head pound , so he stop . " and sir , there be one more thing ... " " just the one ? " " how do I get the Stone out of the mirror ? " " ah , now , I be glad you ask me that . it be one of my more brilliant idea , and between you and me , that be say something . you see , only one who want to find the Stone -- find it , but not use it -- would be able to get it , otherwise they will just see themselves make gold or drink Elixir of Life . my brain surprise even me sometimes ... now , enough question . I suggest you make a start on these sweet . ah ! Bettie Bott 's Every Flavor Beans ! I be unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomit flavor one , and since then I be afraid I have rather lose my liking for them -- but I think I will be safe with a nice toffee , do n't you ? " he smile and pop the golden-brown bean into his mouth . then he choke and say , " alas ! ear wax ! " madam Pomfrey , the nurse , be a nice woman , but very strict . " just five minute , " Harry plead . " absolutely not . " " you let Professor Dumbledore in ... " " well , of course , that be the headmaster , quite different . you need rest . " " I be rest , look , lie down and everything . oh , go on , Madam Pomfrey ... " " oh , very well , " she say . " but five minute only . " and she let Ron and Hermione in . " Harry ! " Hermione look ready to fling her arm around him again , but Harry be glad she hold herself in as his head be still very sore . " oh , Harry , we be sure you be go to -- Dumbledore be so worry - " " the whole school be talk about it , " say Ron . " what really happen ? " it be one of those rare occasion when the true story be even more strange and exciting than the wild rumor . Harry tell them everything : Quirrell ; the mirror ; the Stone ; and Voldemort . Ron and Hermione be a very good audience ; they gasp in all the right place , and when Harry tell them what be under Quirrell 's turban , Hermione scream out loud . " so the Stone be go ? " say Ron finally . " Flamel be just go to die ? " " that be what I say , but Dumbledore think that -- what be it ? -- ' to the well-organized mind , death be but the next great adventure . ' " " I always say he be off his rocker , " say Ron , look quite impressed at how crazy his hero be . " so what happen to you two ? " say Harry . " well , I get back all right , " say Hermione . " I bring Ron round -- that take a while -- and we be dash up to the owlery to contact Dumbledore when we meet him in the entrance hall -- he already know -- he just say , ' Harry be go after him , have n't he ? ' and hurtle off to the third floor . " " D'you think he mean you to do it ? " say Ron . " send you your father 's cloak and everything ? " " well , " Hermione explode , " if he do -- I mean to say that be terrible -- you could have be kill . " " no , it be n't , " say Harry thoughtfully . " he be a funny man , Dumbledore . I think he sort of want to give me a chance . I think he know more or less everything that go on here , you know . I reckon he have a pretty good idea we be go to try , and instead of stop us , he just teach us enough to help . I do n't think it be an accident he let me find out how the mirror work . it be almost like he think I have the right to face Voldemort if I could ... " " Yeah , Dumbledore 's off his rocker , all right , " say Ron proudly . " listen , you have get to be up for the end-of-year feast tomorrow . the point be all in and Slytherin win , of course -- you miss the last Quidditch match , we be steamroller by Ravenclaw without you -- but the food will be good . " at that moment , Madam Pomfrey bustle over . " you have have nearly fifteen minute , now out " she say firmly . after a good night 's sleep , Harry feel nearly back to normal . " I want to go to the feast , " he tell Madam Pomfrey as she straighten his many candy box . " I can , ca n't I ? " " Professor Dumbledore say you be to be allow to go , " she say stiffly , as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore do n't realize how risky feast could be . " and you have another visitor . " " oh , good , " say Harry . " who be it ? " Hagrid sidle through the door as he speak . as usual when he be indoors , Hagrid look too big to be allow . he sit down next to Harry , take one look at him , and burst into tear . " it be -- all -- my -- ruddy -- fault ! " he sob , his face in his hand . " I tell the evil git how ter get past Fluffy ! I tell him ! it be the only thing he do n't know , an ' I tell him ! Yeh could have die ! all fer a dragon egg ! I will never drink again ! I should be chuck out an ' make ter live as a Muggle ! " " Hagrid ! " say Harry , shock to see Hagrid shake with grief and remorse , great tear leak down into his beard . " Hagrid , he will have find out somehow , this be Voldemort we be talk about , he will have find out even if you have n't tell him . " " Yeh could have die ! " sob Hagrid . " an ' don ' say the name ! " " VOLDEMORT ! " Harry bellow , and Hagrid be so shock , he stop cry . " I have meet him and I be call him by his name . please cheer up , Hagrid , we save the Stone , it be go , he ca n't use it . have a Chocolate Frog , I have get load ... " Hagrid wipe his nose on the back of his hand and say , " that remind me . I have get yeh a present . " " it be not a stoat sandwich , be it ? " say Harry anxiously , and at last Hagrid give a weak chuckle . " Nah . Dumbledore give me the day off yesterday ter fix it . ' course , he shoulda sack me instead -- anyway , get Yeh this ... " it seem to be a handsome , leather-covered book . Harry open it curiously . it be full of wizard photograph . smile and wave at him from every page be his mother and father . " send owl off ter all yer parent ' old school friend , Askin ' fer photo ... know yeh didn ' have any ... d'yeh like it ? " Harry could n't speak , but Hagrid understand . Harry make his way down to the end-of-year feast alone that night . he have be hold up by Madam Pomfrey be fuss about , insist on give him one last checkup , so the Great Hall be already full . it be deck out in the Slytherin color of green and silver to celebrate Slytherin 's win the house cup for the seventh year in a row . a huge banner show the Slytherin serpent cover the wall behind the High Table . when Harry walk in there be a sudden hush , and then everybody start talk loudly at once . he slip into a seat between Ron and Hermione at the Gryffindor table and try to ignore the fact that people be stand up to look at him . fortunately , Dumbledore arrive moment later . the babble die away . " another year go ! " Dumbledore say cheerfully . " and I must trouble you with an old man 's wheeze waffle before we sink our tooth into our delicious feast . what a year it have be ! hopefully your head be all a little fuller than they be ... you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year start ... " now , as I understand it , the house cup here need award , and the point stand thus : in fourth place , Gryffindor , with three hundred and twelve point ; in third , Hufflepuff , with three hundred and fifty-two ; Ravenclaw have four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin , four hundred and seventy-two . " a storm of cheer and stamp break out from the Slytherin table . Harry could see Draco Malfoy bang his goblet on the table . it be a sickening sight . " yes , Yes , well do , Slytherin , " say Dumbledore . " however , recent event must be take into account . " the room go very still . the Slytherins ' smile fade a little . " ahem , " say Dumbledore . " I have a few last-minute point to dish out . let me see . yes ... " First -- to Mr. Ronald Weasley ... " Ron go purple in the face ; he look like a radish with a bad sunburn . " ... for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts have see in many year , I award Gryffindor house fifty point . " Gryffindor cheer nearly raise the bewitch ceiling ; the star overhead seem to quiver . Percy could be hear tell the other prefect , " my brother , you know ! my young brother ! get past McGonagall 's giant chess set ! " at last there be silence again . " second -- to Miss Hermione Granger ... for the use of cool logic in the face of fire , I award Gryffindor house fifty point . " Hermione bury her face in her arm ; Harry strongly suspect she have burst into tear . Gryffindors up and down the table be beside themselves -- they be a hundred point up . " third -- to Mr. Harry Potter ... " say Dumbledore . the room go deadly quiet . " ... for pure nerve and outstanding courage , I award Gryffindor house sixty point . " the din be deafen . those who could add up while yell themselves hoarse know that Gryffindor now have four hundred and seventy-two point -- exactly the same as Slytherin . they have tie for the house cup -- if only Dumbledore have give Harry just one more point . Dumbledore raise his hand . the room gradually fall silent . " there be all kind of courage , " say Dumbledore , smile . " it take a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemy , but just as much to stand up to our friend . I therefore award ten point to Mr. Neville Longbottom . " someone standing outside the Great Hall might well have think some sort of explosion have take place , so loud be the noise that erupt from the Gryffindor table . Harry , Ron , and Hermione stand up to yell and cheer as Neville , white with shock , disappear under a pile of people hug him . he have never win so much as a point for Gryffindor before . Harry , still cheer , nudge Ron in the rib and point at Malfoy , who could n't have look more stun and horrify if he have just have the Body-Bind Curse put on him . " which mean , " Dumbledore call over the storm of applause , for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff be celebrate the downfall of Slytherin , " we need a little change of decoration . " he clap his hand . in an instant , the green hanging become scarlet and the silver become gold ; the huge Slytherin serpent vanish and a towering Gryffindor lion take its place . Snape be shake Professor McGonagall 's hand , with a horrible , forced smile . he catch Harry 's eye and Harry know at once that Snape 's feeling toward him have n't change one jot . this do n't worry Harry . it seem as though life would be back to normal next year , or as normal as it ever be at Hogwarts . it be the good evening of Harry 's life , good than win at Quidditch , or Christmas , or knock out mountain troll ... he would never , ever forget tonight . Harry have almost forget that the exam result be still to come , but come they do . to their great surprise , both he and Ron pass with good mark ; Hermione , of course , have the good grade of the first year . even Neville scrape through , his good Herbology mark make up for his abysmal Potions one . they have hope that Goyle , who be almost as stupid as he be mean , might be throw out , but he have pass , too . it be a shame , but as Ron say , you could n't have everything in life . and suddenly , their wardrobe be empty , their trunk be pack , Neville 's toad be find lurk in a corner of the toilet ; note be hand out to all student , warn them not to use magic over the holiday ( " I always hope they will forget to give us these , " say Fred Weasley sadly ) ; Hagrid be there to take them down to the fleet of boat that sail across the lake ; they be board the Hogwarts Express ; talk and laugh as the countryside become green and tidy ; eat Bettie Bott 's Every Flavor Beans as they speed past Muggle town ; pull off their wizard robe and put on jacket and coat ; pull into platform nine and three-quarter at King 's Cross Station . it take quite a while for them all to get off the platform . a wizened old guard be up by the ticket barrier , let them go through the gate in two and three so they do n't attract attention by all burst out of a solid wall at once and alarm the Muggles . " you must come and stay this summer , " say Ron , " both of you -- I will send you an owl . " " thanks , " say Harry , " I will need something to look forward to . " people jostle them as they move forward toward the gateway back to the Muggle world . some of them call : " Bye , Harry ! " " see you , Potter ! " " still famous , " say Ron , grin at him . " not where I be go , I promise you , " say Harry . he , Ron , and Hermione pass through the gateway together . " there he be , Mom , there he be , look ! " it be Ginny Weasley , Ron 's young sister , but she be n't point at Ron . " Harry Potter ! " she squeal . " look , Mom ! I can see - " " be quiet , Ginny , and it be rude to point . " Mrs. Weasley smile down at them . " busy year ? " she say . " very , " say Harry . " thanks for the fudge and the sweater , Mrs. Weasley . " " oh , it be nothing , dear . " " ready , be you ? " it be Uncle Vernon , still purple-faced , still mustached , still look furious at the nerve of Harry , carry an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people . behind him stand Aunt Petunia and Dudley , look terrify at the very sight of Harry . " you must be Harry 's family ! " say Mrs. Weasley . " in a manner of speak , " say Uncle Vernon . " hurry up , boy , we have n't get all day . " he walk away . Harry hang back for a last word with Ron and Hermione . " see you over the summer , then . " " hope you have -- er -- a good holiday , " say Hermione , look uncertainly after Uncle Vernon , shock that anyone could be so unpleasant . " oh , I will , " say Harry , and they be surprise at the grin that be spread over his face . " they do n't know we be not allow to use magic at home . I be go to have a lot of fun with Dudley this summer ... "